OFFERING MEMORANDUM

                    facilitated by

                       1
WanderLinger Brewing Company, LLC

                       FORM C

                          OFFERING MEMORANDUM

Purpose of This Form

     A company that wants to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding must give certain
     information to prospective investors, so investors will have a basis for making an informed
     decision. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has issued regulations at 17 CFR
     §227.201 listing the information companies must provide. This form ­ Form C ­ is the form used to
     provide that information.

     Each heading below corresponds to a section of the SEC's regulations under 17 CFR §227.201.

(A) Basic Information About the Company

Name of Company        WanderLinger Brewing Company, LLC
State of Organization  TN
Date of Formation      02/09/2016
Entity Type            Limited Liability Company
Street Address         1008 Summer St, Chattanooga TN, 37405
Website Address        https://www.wanderlinger.com/

(B) Directors and Officers of the Company
(C) Each Person Who Owns 20% or More of the Voting Power

Name of                % of Voting Power
Holder                 (Prior to Offering)
                       37.5%
Michael Dial
                       37.5%
Christopher
Dial

(D) The Company's Business and Business Plan

     Overview

     Locally owned and operated brewery in historic downtown Chattanooga, Wanderlinger Brewing
     Co features a tap room with live music, local art, and of course BEER! Food trucks o en park
     outside. We are pet friendly and kid friendly before 8PM!

     We're currently closed for the foreseeable future to combat the spread of COVID-19. The money
     we raise on Mainvest will help us cover bills, expenses, and payroll to keep our brewery a oat

                                                           2
     until we can fully reopen!

     By investing in Wanderlinger, you will support a business that is passionate about bringing great
     beer, music and art to downtown Chattanooga.

           The Customers - Since opening our doors in 2018, we've built a great loyal customer base.
           They love our taproom vibe and the delicious brews keep them coming back.
           The Founders - Brothers Mike and Chris Dial are the team behind Wanderlinger. Mike is the
           beer and art guy, while Chris is the business and marketing guy. Together, they make the
           perfect team.

     The Beer

           Wanderlinger Lager // A light, smooth Munich Helles. Great for crushing by the liter on a hot
           day.
           Mt. Sterling Pilsner // Bohemian style pilsner with a light crisp finish and easy drinking.
           Joose Caboose NEIPA // If you love hazy, New England style IPA's this is the perfect summer
           time beer for you!
           100 Day IPA // This is the perfect beer for hop heads and those who just like a solid IPA!
           Appalachian Altbier // This German ale exhibits notes of chocolate, banana bread and
           carmel
           Beech Bottom Gose // This traditional sour German ale is perfect for hot weather days with a
           small addition of salt makes it a real thirst quencher
           Blackbeary Hug Sour // This fruited sour gives the right balance of tartness and sweetness
           Irish Hello // Our dry Irish stout that is dark but crushable at 4.1%

(E) Number of Employees

     The Company currently has 8 employees.

(F) Risks of Investing

     A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this o ering unless
     you can a ord to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must
     rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the o ering, including the merits
     and risks involved. Please review the Educational Materials for risks that are common to many of
     the companies on the MainVest platform.

     These securities are o ered under an exemption from registration under federal law. The U.S.
     Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") has not made an independent determination
     that these securities are exempt from registration. The SEC has not passed upon the merits of the
     securities or the terms of the o ering, and has not passed upon the accuracy or completeness of
     the offering documents or literature.

     These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities
     commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the
     accuracy or adequacy of this document.

     Please refer to Appendix A for additional risks to consider when investing in this offering.

(G) Target Offering Amount and Offering Deadline

                                                           3
Target Offering Amount                       $10,000
Offering Deadline                            July 1, 2020

     If the sum of the investment commitments does not equal or exceed the Target O ering Amount
     as of the O ering Deadline, no securities will be sold in the o ering, investment commitments
     will be canceled, and all committed funds will be returned.

(H) Commitments that Exceed the Target Offering Amount

Will the company accept commitments that     Yes
exceed the Target Offering Amount?
                                             $50,000
What is the maximum you will accept in this
Offering (it may not exceed $1,070,000)?     We will accept subscriptions on
                                             a first-come, first-served basis.
If Yes, how will the company deal with the
oversubscriptions?

(I) How the Company Intends to Use the Money Raised in the Offering
     The Company is reasonably sure it will use the money raised in the offering as follows:

Use                     Amount               Amount
                                             (Maximum)
                        (Minimum)            $47,000

COVID-19 Business Interruption $9,400        $3,000
Support                                      $50,000

Mainvest Compensation   $600

TOTAL                   $10,000

(J) The Investment Process

     To Invest

           Review this Form C and the Campaign Page
           If you decide to invest, enter an amount and press the Invest button
           Follow the instructions

     To Cancel Your Investment

     Send an email to info@mainvest.com no later than 48 hours before the Offering Deadline or go to
     the dashboard for your user account to cancel manually. In your email, include your name and
     the name of the Company.

     Other Information on the Investment Process

           Investors may cancel an investment commitment until 48 hours prior to the O ering
           Deadline.
           MainVest will notify investors when and if the Target Offering Amount has been raised.

                                                           4
           If the Company reaches the Target O ering Amount before the O ering Deadline, it may
           close the o ering early if it provides notice about the new O ering Deadline at least ve
           business days before such new O ering Deadline, absent a material change that would
           require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment commitment.
           If an investor does not cancel an investment commitment before the 48-hour period before
           the O ering Deadline, the funds will be released to the Company upon closing of the
           offering and the investor will receive securities in exchange for his or her investment.
     For additional information about the investment and cancellation process, see the Educational
     Materials.
(K) Material Changes
     If an investor does not recon rm his or her investment commitment a er a material change is
     made to the o ering, the investor's investment commitment will be cancelled and the committed
     funds will be returned.
     Explanation
     A "material change" means a change that an average, careful investor would want to know about
     before making an investment decision. A material change could be good or bad. If a material
     change occurs a er you make an investment commitment but before the O ering closes, then
     the Company will notify you and ask whether you want to invest anyway. If you do not
     a rmatively choose to invest, then your commitment will be cancelled, your funds will be
     returned to you, and you will not receive any securities.
(L) Price of the Securities
     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     "Notes." The Notes are being o ered at their face amount. For example, you will pay $1,000 for a
     Note with a face amount of $1,000.

                                                           5
(M) Terms of the Securities

     Overview

     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     the "Notes." Many of the terms of the Notes are set forth in a separate document called the
     Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to
     this Form C.

     Summary of Terms

                                     1                                                2

    Revenue Percentage                                            0.5 - 2.5%
      Payment Deadline                                            2027-01-01

Maximum Payment Multiple                                              1.1 x
      Sharing Start Date                The first day after disbursement that the company

     First Payment Date                      has revenues greater than one ($1) dollar
                                         Thirty (30) days after the last day of the calendar
            Seniority                   quarter ending not less than Sixty (60) days after
         Securitization
          Accrual Rate                                    the sharing start date.
                                                                Subordinated
                                                                  Unsecured
                                                                     1.53%

1 as further defined in the note agreement
2 The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale with a minimum rate of 0.5% and a maximum rate of 2.5% and is
rounded to the nearest 1/10th percent. The nal rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated a er the o ering has
successfully closed. As the amount raised in the o ering increases, the rate of revenue sharing increases. For example, a
hypothetical offering could result in the following revenue sharing percentages, depending on the amount raised:

Amount Raised                           Revenue Sharing Percentage
    $10,000                                            0.5%
    $20,000                                            1.0%
    $30,000                                            1.5%
    $40,000                                            2.0%
    $50,000                                            2.5%

Your Right to Payments under the Note

Your right to payments under the Note is set forth in the Note, together with a separate document
called the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are
attached to this Form C. Additionally, general terms are outlined below and in the Company's
offering page.

                                        6
Obligation to Contribute Capital

Once you pay for your Note, you will have no obligation to contribute more money to the
Company, and you will not be personally obligated for any debts of the Company. However,
under some circumstances you could be required by law to return some or all of a distribution you
receive from the Company.

No Right to Transfer

You should plan to hold the Notes until maturity. The Notes will be illiquid (meaning you might
not be able to sell them) for at least four reasons:

      The Revenue Sharing Agreement prohibits the sale or other transfer of Notes without the
      Company's consent.
      If you want to sell your Note the Company will have the rst right of refusal to buy it, which
      could make it harder to find a buyer.
      Even if a sale were permitted, there is no ready market for Notes, as there would be for a
      publicly-traded stock.
      By law, for a period of one year you won't be allowed to transfer the Investor Shares except
      (i) to the Company itself, (ii) to an "accredited" investor, (iii) to a family or trust, or (iii) in a
      public offering of the Company's shares.

Security

The Notes are not secured by any assets of the Company or any assets of persons associated with
the Company.

Modification of Terms of Notes

The terms of the Notes and the Revenue Sharing Agreement may be modi ed or amended with
the consent of Investors holding 50% of the Notes, measured by the total amount outstanding
under each Note.

Other Classes of Securities

Name of Security                        Limited Liability Interests
Number of Shares Outstanding            1$

Describe Voting Rights of These
Securities, Including Any Limitations on 1$

Voting Rights

How these securities differ from the    Limited liability company interests are
revenue sharing notes being offered to  equity securities, with voting rights,
investors                               whereas the revenue sharing notes being
                                        offered are debt securities with no voting
                                        rights.

Dilution of Rights

The Company has the right to create additional classes of securities, both equity securities and

                                                      7
debt securities (e.g., other classes of promissory notes). Some of these additional classes of
securities could have rights that are superior to those of the Notes. For example, the Company
could issue promissory notes that are secured by specific property of the Company.

The People Who Control the Company

Each of these people owns 20% or more of the total voting power of the Company:

Name of      % of Voting Power
Holder       (Prior to Offering)

Michael Dial 37.5%

Christopher  37.5%
Dial

     How the Exercise of Voting Rights Could Affect You

     You will receive payments with respect to your Note only if the Company makes enough money to
     pay you, or, if the Company does not make enough money to pay you, if there is enough value in
     the collateral the Company pledged as security for the Notes.

     The people with voting rights control the Company and make all the decisions about running its
     business. If they make good business decisions, it is more likely you will be paid. If they make
     poor business decisions, it is less likely you will be paid. For example, if they hire too many
     people and/or try to expand too quickly, the business could be harmed. The people with voting
     rights could also decide to le for bankruptcy protection, making it more di cult for you to be
     paid.

     How the Notes are Being Valued

     The Notes are being valued at their face value. We don't anticipate that we'll ever need to place a
     value on the Notes in the future.

(N) The Funding Portal

     The Company is o ering its securities through MainVest, Inc., which is a "Funding Portal"
     licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and FINRA. MainVest Inc.'s Central Index
     Key (CIK) number is 0001746059, their SEC File number is 007-00162, and their Central
     Registration Depository (CRD) number is 298384.

(O) Compensation of the Funding Portal

     MainVest will be paid 6.0% of the nal o ering amount, upon the successful completion of the
     o ering. MainVest does not receive compensation if the o ering does not succeed. MainVest,
     Inc. owns no interest in the Company, directly or indirectly, and will not acquire an interest as
     part of the Offering, nor is there any arrangement for MainVest to acquire an interest.

(P) Indebtedness of the Company

             8
Creditor           Amount Interest     Maturity    Other Important
                                 Rate  Date        Terms
SBA Loan
US Bank Equipment  $244,052 7.81%      07/31/2026
Note 1             $14,650 6.5%
US Bank Equipment                      05/31/2024
Loan 2
Ascentium Capital  $22,687 6.5%        11/30/2024
Loan from
Shareholders       $3,321 4.6%         10/31/2021
Loan from Family   $92,811 0%                            No Maturity Date
Members                                                  Set
                   $102,845 0%                           No Maturity

     The Company has received a $2,000 loan at 0% interest from MainVest, Inc. to be repaid in ve
     months on 01/01/2027. MainVest has not and will not receive any ownership stake, control, or
     other nancial interest over the Company in exchange for lending to the Company, and the
     agreement is not intended to provide any form of compensation to MainVest, only the return of
     its principal. The Company does not intend to receive any further funds from MainVest during
     the Offering.

(Q) Other Offerings of Securities within the Last Three Years

     The Company has not made any o erings with other third-party regulation crowdfunding
     companies in the past three years.

(R) Transactions Between the Company and "Insiders"

     The Company has not made any business transaction, including stock purchases, salaries,
     property rentals, consulting arrangements, guaranties, etc.

(S) The Company's Financial Condition

     Historical milestones

     Wanderlinger Brewery has been operating since December 1, 2018 and has since achieved the
     following milestones:

           Opened location in Chattanooga, TN
           Achieved revenue of $95,000 in 2018, which then grew to $416,000 in 2019.
           Had Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) of $32,00, which represented gross pro t margin of $62,000
           in 2018. COGS were then $130,000 the following year, which implied gross pro t margin of
           $286,00.
           Achieved profit of -$200,000 in 2018, which then grew to -$60,000 in 2019.

     Historical financial performance is not necessarily predictive of future performance.

     The Company has received a $2,000 loan at 0% interest from MainVest, Inc. to be repaid in ve
     months on 01/01/2027. MainVest has not and will not receive any ownership stake, control, or

                                                           9
     other nancial interest over the Company in exchange for lending to the Company, and the
     agreement is not intended to provide any form of compensation to MainVest, only the return of
     its principal. The Company does not intend to receive any further funds from MainVest during
     the Offering.
(T) The Company's Financial Statements
     Please see Appendix B for historical financial statements.
     Pro Forma Income Statement
     In order to illustrate its future earning potential, the Company has provided a summary of its 5-
     year nancial forecast. The forecast has been developed by the Company using reasonable best
     e orts based on their understanding of the industry and market they wish to enter. Please refer
     to Section (F) of this O ering Memorandum for a list of the risks associated with an investment in
     the company and utilizing any pro forma provided by the Company for making investment
     decisions.

(U) Disqualification Events
     The answer for the Company is No, none of the designated people committed any of the
     prohibited acts, ever.
     Explanation
     A company is not allowed to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding if certain designated
     people associated with the company (including its directors or executive o cers) committed
     certain prohibited acts (mainly concerned with violations of the securities laws) on or a er May
     16, 2016. (You can read more about these rules in the Educational Materials.) This item requires a
     company to disclose whether any of those designated people committed any of those prohibited
     acts before May 16, 2016.

(V) Updates on the Progress of the Offering

                                                          10
     To track the investment commitments we've received in this O ering, click to see the Progress
     Bar.

(W) Annual Reports for the Company

     The Company will le a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission annually and post
     the report on our website no later than 120 days a er the end of each scal year. It's possible that
     at some point, the Company will not be required to le any more annual reports. We will notify
     you if that happens.

(X) Our Compliance with Reporting Obligations

     The Company has never raised money using Regulation Crowdfunding before, and therefore has
     never been required to file any reports.

(Y) Other Information Prospective Investors Should Know About

     The Issuer o ers "Perks" as a means of showing appreciation to investors for supporting small
     community businesses. The o ering of "Perks" by issuers is done purely on a voluntary basis and
     have no in uence upon the terms of the O ering. As such, Investor "Perks" are not contractual
     conditions governed by "the Note" and are not enforceable under "the Note".

     The Company has received a $2,000 loan at 0% interest from MainVest, Inc. to be repaid in ve
     months on 01/01/2027. MainVest has not and will not receive any ownership stake, control, or
     other nancial interest over the Company in exchange for lending to the Company, and the
     agreement is not intended to provide any form of compensation to MainVest, only the return of
     its principal. The Company does not intend to receive any further funds from MainVest during
     the Offering.

     Additional Information Included in the Form C

                         Most recent fiscal year- Prior fiscal year-end

                         end (tax returns)                           (tax returns)

Total Assets             $322,524.00                                 $306,547.00
Cash & Cash Equivalents
Accounts Receivable      $12,599.00                                  $36,957.00
Short-term Debt
Long-term Debt           $0                                          $0
Revenues/Sales
Cost of Goods Sold       $8,302.00                                   $18,026.00
Taxes Paid
Net Income               $261,783.00                                 $267,940.00

                         $95,113.00                                  $416,350.00

                         $32,210.00                                  $129,937.00

                         $0                                          $0

                         $-199,627.00                                $-163,686.00

Jurisdictions in which the Company intends to offer the securities:

                             11
AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS,
MO, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV,
WI, WY, B5, GU, PR, VI, 1V

                                                     12
