ANNUAL REPORT

          facilitated by
                 Wanderlinger Brewing
                         Company

                                FORM C-AR ANNUAL REPORT

Purpose of This Form

     A company that has raised money using Regulation Crowdfunding must report certain information. The
     Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has issued regulations at 17 CFR §227.202 listing the
     information companies must provide. This form ­ Form C-AR ­ is the form used to provide that
     information.

(A) The Company

Name of Company                            Wanderlinger Brewing Company
State of Organization                      TN
Date of Formation                          02/09/2016
Entity Type                                Limited Liability Company
Street Address                             1208 King St #120, Chattanooga TN, 37405
Website Address                            https://www.wanderlinger.com/

(B) Directors and Officers of the Company

Key Person                                                 Christopher Dial
Position with the Company
                                                 Title Co-Founder
Other business experience                  First Year 2016
(last three years)
                                                          Owner - manages all financial, sales and
                                                          marketing for brewery since its inception.
Key Person                                 Michael Dial
Position with the Company
                                 Title Co-Founder, Head Brewer
Other business experience  First Year 2016
(last three years)
                                           President/Head Brewer - responsible for
                                           taproom and production operations since
                                           inception of business.

(C) Each Person Who Owns 20% or More of the Voting Power

Name                       % of Voting Power
of                         (Prior to Offering)
Holder
                           37%
Christopher
Dial                       37%

Michael Dial

(D) The Company's Business and Business Plan

     Intended Use of Funds

     To continue to be competitive as we grow and branch out beyond Chattanooga we need to expand
     production capabilities including canning, kegs & supplies.

            Canning line - $90-105k
            Addition of 200 kegs for distribution - $15k Production
            improvements/enhancements - $15k
            Supplies/ingredients - $15k

     The Team

     Mike Dial, Co-Owner, Head Brewer

     The brewery and art is brainchild of Mike who is Co-Owner and Head Brewer. The concept of
     WanderLinger has been something Mike has worked on for the past five years. Being an avid
     backpacker - our name and logo reflects what he enjoys doing most - wandering and lingering.
     After years of being a home brew enthusiast Mike looked upon his stash of beer equipment as it
     grew to fill his garage and said "This is getting too fun to not make some money doing it..." and
     that's where the story begins!

     Chris Dial, Co-Owner

     Chris is an experienced businessman and salesman who handles all backend operations for the
     brewery in addition to the sales department. From the day of opening he has led the sales efforts to
     grow the business in on and off premise sales getting Wanderlinger product on tap at over 65
     locations and canned product in 16 major grocery stores and 15 liquor stores.
With the addition of a sales person Chris' goals are shifting from sales to growth and development
of the brand including expansion locally and regionally.

Jarrod Szydlowski, Brewer

Jarrod joined the Wanderlinger family in September of 2018 to finish brewery set up and brew the
first batch of production beer made at our facility. He has been instrumental in the development of
many of our beers and process improvement and scheduling of production.

Jarrod came to us with experience at multiple Colorado breweries and that experience has led to
high quality beers, thoughtful problem solving and excellent cost control and SOP implementation.
Some of his brews include the Joose Caboose NEIPA, Double Joose NEIPA, Blackbeary Hug Sour
and Golden Cricket Blonde.

Sunshine Hampton, Lead Bar

Sunshine has been with us from day 1 when we opened our taproom. She is our vibrant and
smiling face behind the bar on many week nights and weekends as well as helping manage events
and music to our stage. And in her spare time she makes awesome art out of dolls!

Overview

Locally owned and operated brewery in historic downtown Chattanooga, Wanderlinger Brewing Co
features a tap room with live music, local art, and of course BEER! With indoor and outdoor seating
and a now featuring a small kitchen! Family friendly before 8PM daily!

While Covid-19 was bad for all bars and restaurants we have survived and plan to come out better
for it. Some of the additions we've made over the last 12 months:

      Patio space - added a flagstone patio with seating for 36 and plenty of standing room

      Kitchen - added a small kitchen to offer food service onsite

      Pilot system - added an Alpha Brewing 1bbl pilot system with fermenters

      Barrel Aging - added our first round of barrel aged beers with Arrington Vineyard barrels

      Doubled production capabilities with additions of 5 tanks - 15bbl and 30bbl tanks

      Canned product - with help of Iron Heart Mobile canning we now have beer in 16 grocery
      stores and 15 liquor stores in Chattanooga

      Distribution Agreement - signed an agreement with Best Brands to push our product beyond
      Chattanooga eventually statewide.

All of these items came with expenses but ones we believe will bring great rewards as we continue
into the future.

By investing in Wanderlinger, you will support a business that is passionate about bringing great
beer, music and art to downtown Chattanooga.

      The Customers - Since opening our doors in 2018, we've built a great loyal customer base.
      They love our taproom vibe and the delicious brews keep them coming back.

      The Founders - Brothers Mike and Chris Dial are the team behind Wanderlinger. Mike is the
            beer and art guy, while Chris is the business and marketing guy. Together, they make the
            perfect team.

     The Beers

     Our beers have a special feature not available from all breweries. A beer is made mostly of 4
     ingredients - hops, malt, yeast and water. To be authentic to style it's easy to buy hops, malt and
     yeast from the area you are replicating your beer from. The water though takes a special process.
     From day 1 we invested in a reverse osmosis water system where we build up the water profile to
     replicate the area of the country and world where our beer is inspired from. For example our lager
     is a Munich Helles and our altbier is a Düsseldorf altbier. Each beer has a water profile specific to
     that beer to give it as authentic of a taste as you can get.

            Wanderlinger Lager // A light, smooth Munich Helles. Great for crushing by the liter on a hot
            day.

            Joose Caboose NEIPA / If you love hazy, New England style IPA's this is the perfect summer
            time beer for you!

            100 Day IPA // This is the perfect beer for hop heads and those who just like a solid IPA!

            Appalachian Altbier / This German ale exhibits notes of chocolate, banana bread and carmel

            Beech Bottom Gose // This traditional sour German ale is perfect for hot weather days with a
            small addition of salt makes it a real thirst quencher

            Blackbeary Hug Sour // This fruited sour gives the right balance of tartness and sweetness

            Golden Cricket / Light and refreshing. Lager-like crispness complimented by sweet citrus
            notes courtesy of Citra hops. Golden ales are similar to Blonde ales but are more hop forward.

            Speaker Tweaker Coffee Stout / Deep notes of espresso and dark chocolate are balanced by
            a slight malt sweetness in this full bodied beer.

     For more information, please refer to the Page View included with this filing.

(E) Number of Employees

     The Company currently has 10 employees. The Company may hire or discharge employees in the
     future to meet its objectives.

(F) Risks of Investing

     A crowdfunding investment involves risk. YOU SHOULD NOT INVEST ANY FUNDS IN THIS
     OFFERING UNLESS YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. In
     making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the
     terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. Please review the Educational
     Materials for risks that are common to many of the companies on the MainVest platform.

     THESE SECURITIES ARE OFFERED UNDER AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
     FEDERAL LAW. THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") HAS NOT
     MADE AN INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION THAT THESE SECURITIES ARE EXEMPT FROM
      REGISTRATION. THE SEC HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE MERITS OF THE SECURITIES OR
      THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, AND HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR
      COMPLETENESS OF THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS OR LITERATURE.

      THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED OR APPROVED BY ANY FEDERAL
      OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE,
      THESE AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS
      DOCUMENT.

      Please refer to Appendix A for additional risks to consider when investing in this offering.

(G) Terms of the Securities

Overview

The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as the
"Notes." Many of the terms of the Notes are set forth in a separate document called the Revenue Sharing
Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to this Form C-AR.

Summary of Terms                                                  2

                                                    1  0.9%

           Revenue Percentage

Payment Deadline                                       2027-01-01

Maximum Payment                                                             1.1 x
      Multiple
                                                       The first day after disbursement that the
Sharing Start Date                                     company has revenues greater than one

First Payment Date                                                       ($1) dollar

      Seniority                                        Thirty (30) days after the last day of the
                                                        calendar quarter ending not less than

                                                                   Sixty (60) days after
                                                                  the sharing start date.

                                                                       Subordinated

Securitization                                         Unsecured

Accrual Rate                                           1.53%

1
as further defined in the note agreement
2

  The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale with a minimum rate of 0.5% and a maximum rate of 2.5% and is rounded to the
nearest 1/10th percent. The nal rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated a er the o ering has successfully closed. As the amount
raised in the o ering increases, the rate of revenue sharing increases. For example, a hypothetical offering could result in the following
revenue sharing percentages, depending on the amount raised:

Amount Raised       Revenue Sharing
                       Percentage
$10,000  0.5%

$20,000  1.0%

$30,000  1.5%

$40,000  2.0%

$50,000  2.5%

Your Right to Payments under the Note

Your right to payments under the Note is set forth in the Note, together with a separate document called
the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to
this Form C-AR. Additionally, general terms are outlined below and in the Company's offering page.

Obligation to Contribute Capital

Once you pay for your Note, you will have no obligation to contribute more money to the Company, and
you will not be personally obligated for any debts of the Company. However, under some circumstances
you could be required by law to return some or all of a distribution you receive from the Company.

No Right to Transfer

You should plan to hold the Notes until maturity. The Notes will be illiquid (meaning you might not be
able to sell them) for at least four reasons:

   The Revenue Sharing Agreement prohibits the sale or other transfer of Notes without the Company's
   consent.
   If you want to sell your Note the Company will have the rst right of refusal to buy it, which could make
   it harder to find a buyer.
   Even if a sale were permitted, there is no ready market for Notes, as there would be for a
   publicly-traded stock.
   By law, for a period of one year you won't be allowed to transfer the Investor Shares except (i) to the
   Company itself, (ii) to an "accredited" investor, (iii) to a family or trust, or (iii) in a public offering of the
   Company's shares.

Security

The Notes are not secured by any assets of the Company or any assets of persons associated with the
Company.

Modification of Terms of Notes

The terms of the Notes and the Revenue Sharing Agreement may be modi ed or amended with the
consent of Investors holding 50% of the Notes, measured by the total amount outstanding under each
Note.

Other Classes of Securities
         Name of Security                 Limited Liability Interests

         Number of Shares Outstanding     1$

         Describe Voting Rights of These  1$
         Securities, Including Any
         Limitations on                   Limited liability company
         Voting Rights                    interests are equity securities,
                                          with voting rights, whereas the
         How these securities differ      revenue sharing notes being
         from the revenue sharing         offered are debt securities with
         notes being offered to           no voting rights.
         investors

Dilution of Rights

The Company has the right to create additional classes of securities, both equity securities and debt
securities (e.g., other classes of promissory notes). Some of these additional classes of securities could
have rights that are superior to those of the Notes. For example, the Company could issue promissory
notes that are secured by specific property of the Company.

The People Who Control the Company

Each of these people owns 20% or more of the total voting power of the Company:

Name of       % of Voting Power
Holder        (Prior to Offering)

Michael Dial  37.5%

Christopher   37.5%
Dial

How the Exercise of Voting Rights Could Affect You

You will receive payments with respect to your Note only if the Company makes enough money to pay
you, or, if the Company does not make enough money to pay you, if there is enough value in the
collateral the Company pledged as security for the Notes.

The people with voting rights control the Company and make all the decisions about running its business.
If they make good business decisions, it is more likely you will be paid. If they make poor business
decisions, it is less likely you will be paid. For example, if they hire too many people and/or try to expand
too quickly, the business could be harmed. The people with voting rights could also decide to le for
bankruptcy protection, making it more di cult for you to be paid.

How the Notes are Being Valued

The Notes are being valued at their face value. We don't anticipate that we'll ever need to place a value on the Notes in the future.
(G)Indebtedness of the Company

Creditor                        Amount Interest              Maturity      Other Important
                                               Rate          Date          Terms
SBA Loan
US Bank Equipment               $179,201 5.15%               09/01/2026
Notes
SBA EIDL Loan                   $129,900 6.5%                05/31/2024 multiple loans
Loan from
Shareholders                    $143,500 3.75%               04/01/2051
Loan from Family                $227,000 0%
Members                                                                         No Maturity Date
Mainvest - patio loan           $223,034 0%                                     Set

                                                                                No Maturity

                                $17,628 5%                   07/01/2026

(H) Other Offerings of Securities within the Last Three Years
    March 2020 Rule 17CFR 227 (Regulation Crowdfunding) Revenue Sharing Notes $17,700 Please
    refer to the company's Form CU dated 07/07/20 for additional disclosures
    CURRENT OFFERING: January 14th, 2021 | Rule 17CFR 227 (Regulation Crowdfunding) Revenue
    Sharing Notes | Amount TBD | Set Offering end date is April 30th, 2021.

(I) Transactions Between the Company and "Insiders"
    The Company has not entered into any business transactions, including stock Purchases, salaries,
    property rentals, consulting arrangements, guaranties, or other agreements with any individual
    identified in Section 227.201 (r)(1)-(4) of Regulation Crowdfunding during the 12 months preceding
    this Offering.

(J) Our Compliance with Reporting Obligations

    This is the first required filing for ongoing reporting
(K) Additional Information Included in the Form C

                                Most recent fiscal year- Prior fiscal year-end

                                end (tax returns)                      (tax returns)

Total Assets                    $306,547.00                            $322,524.00
Cash & Cash Equivalents
Accounts Receivable             $36,957.00                             $12,599.00
Short-term Debt
                                $0                                     $0

                                $18,026.00                             $8,302.00
Long-term Debt      $267,940.00   $261,783.00
Revenues/Sales      $416,350.00   $95,113.00
Cost of Goods Sold  $129,937.00   $32,210.00
Taxes Paid          $0            $0
Net Income          $-163,686.00  $-199,627.00
