OFFERING MEMORANDUM

                    facilitated by

                       1
WeHa Brewing Company

                                           FORM C

                          OFFERING MEMORANDUM

Purpose of This Form

     A company that wants to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding must give certain
     information to prospective investors, so investors will have a basis for making an informed
     decision. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has issued regulations at 17 CFR
     §227.201 listing the information companies must provide. This form ­ Form C ­ is the form used to
     provide that information.

     Each heading below corresponds to a section of the SEC's regulations under 17 CFR §227.201.

(A) The Company

Name of Company                            WeHa Brewing Company
State of Organization                      CT
Date of Formation                          05/29/2019
Entity Type                                Limited Liability Company
Street Address                             49 Greenhurst Rd, West Hartford CT, 06107
Website Address                            https://www.wehabrewing.com/

(B) Directors and Officers of the Company

                                           2
Key Person                 Cody McCormack

Position with the Company

                                 Title President & CEO
                           First Year 2019

Other business experience  Co-Owner & Head Roaster (WeHa
(last three years)         Roasting Company, May 2019-Current) -
                           Maintain weekly roasting schedule, work
                           with importers to procure green coffee,
                           manage social media accounts, package
                           and deliver coffee to customers.

                           MTS Consultant (Deloitte, April
                           2020-Current) - Premium Tax
                           Compliance, Accounting &
                           Reporting for Premium Taxes
                           Senior Consultant (Aetna,
                           November 2018 - March 2020) --
                           Premium Tax Compliance,
                           Accounting & Reporting for
                           Premium Taxes

(C) Each Person Who Owns 20% or More of the Voting Power

            Name of        % of Voting Power
            Holder         (Prior to Offering)

            Cody           75%
            McCormack

(D) The Company's Business and Business Plan

     Overview

     WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company is a community focused cra brewery and co ee roaster that
     will be located in West Hartford, Connecticut. WeHa B&R Co. will be located in a ~6,000 sq.
     facility with a 1,500 square foot dedicated taproom/café, and 500 sq. private event space. WeHa
     will also offer a rotating menu of wood fired pizza that will be made in-house.

     WeHa provides a unique o ering to the market as it will operate as both a cra brewery and a
     co ee roasting company. Customers will be able be to come enjoy a carefully cra ed beer or
     artisanal co ee beverage in our welcoming taproom/café. WeHa will be able to o er the highest
     quality cra beer and co ee by having full control of the process from raw material procurement
     to serving the end customer.

     Our goal is to create a community gathering place where people can come anytime of the day to
     enjoy a thoughtfully cra ed beer or co ee. Can you think of a better way to make that happen
     then to let the community (you!) be a part of that success by investing in us.

                                                           3
Who are we?

Co-owners Cody and Robbie have extensive experience in the co ee and brewing industries as
well as the business acumen to ensure WeHa is a success.

Cody, co-owner and head roaster, has over eight years experience as a Certi ed Public
Accountant and has taken extensive coursework in accounting/ nance and business
management. Cody has a strong passion for co ee and has been formally educated in co ee
roasting and café management. Cody also successfully launched and is currently operating WeHa
Roasting Company, which was launched in January of this year.

Robbie has over eight years experience in commercial brewing. He has worked at a number of
breweries across the country and most recently as a Head Brewer at a brewery in Brooklyn. He
has the experience and knowledge to create a wide portfolio of beers and the industry experience
to make WeHa a success.

Q&A with Co-Founder Cody McCormack

What will the funds be used for?

The funds raised will be used to purchase brewery and café equipment and also used to build out
and outfit our café/taproom with electronic tap lists, speaker systems and more.

What breweries inspired you?

I would say Trillium is the one brewery that got me into cra beer and drew inspiration from. I
mean this small little brewery, 500 square feet bar area, no real taproom that people would pick
up growlers at and take home with them. They grew from one little bar area to 3 locations in the
Boston area. Also, Lamplighter in Cambridge, MA. This is really where the idea sprung from and
saw the marriage of co ee and beer play so well together. A caf é inside of a brewery taproom
where people where hanging out working on laptops drinking espresso while people were also
drinking beer in the same shared space. It played really well together and I was inspired when
seeing this for the first time.

What differentiates you from the competition?

The biggest thing that will di erentiate us is the combination of the co ee and the beer. We will
be roasting co ee in-house while also making beer in-house so sky's the limit and we can really
be creative and create roast pro les for speci c beers. I'm really excited about the collaboration
of coffee and beer and tailoring the coffee to specific styles of beer.

What is one of your goals for the business?

To make specialty co ee more approachable. I'll admit at the beginning when I was getting in to
specialty co ee, I was very intimidated by the jargon and methods. The extraction methods,
processing methods, grind sizes, single origins vs. blends. It can be overwhelming and
intimidating at rst. Its really been my goal from the onset with the co ee side of things is to
make it approachable and educate consumers. We plan to do educational events and classes at
the roastery, where you can come roast with me, learn how to do a pour over, and learn the
different intricacies of specialty coffee.

What are you most excited for with opening the brewery/cafe?

Just really getting people in the café/taproom and having our customers try our co ee and beer

                                                      4
     and seeing their face when they see how great it is. Interacting with our customers and getting
     feedback from them, seeing what they like and don't like. We really look forward to those face to
     face interactions with our customers and seeing them enjoying our products. Also, the actual
     production side of it and coming up with creative collaborations with beer and co ee and seeing
     all the different and unique beers we come up with.

(E) Number of Employees

     The Company currently has 2 employees. The Company may hire or discharge employees in the
     future to meet its objectives.

(F) Risks of Investing

     A crowdfunding investment involves risk. YOU SHOULD NOT INVEST ANY FUNDS IN THIS
    OFFERING UNLESS YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. In
     making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and
     the terms of the o ering, including the merits and risks involved. Please review the Educational
     Materials for risks that are common to many of the companies on the MainVest platform.

     THESE SECURITIES ARE OFFERED UNDER AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
     FEDERAL LAW. THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") HAS NOT
     MADE AN INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION THAT THESE SECURITIES ARE EXEMPT FROM
     REGISTRATION. THE SEC HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE MERITS OF THE SECURITIES OR THE
     TERMS OF THE OFFERING, AND HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF
     THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS OR LITERATURE.

     THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED OR APPROVED BY ANY FEDERAL OR
     STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THESE
     AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT.

     Please refer to Appendix A for additional risks to consider when investing in this offering.

(G) Target Offering Amount and Offering Deadline

Target Offering Amount     $75,000
Offering Deadline          October 7, 2020

     If the sum of the investment commitments does not equal or exceed the Target O ering Amount
     as of the O ering Deadline, no securities will be sold in the o ering, investment commitments
     will be canceled, and all committed funds will be returned. The Company may extend the O ering
     Deadline and shall treat such an extension as a material change to the original o er and provide
     Investors with notice and opportunity to recon rm their investment in accordance with Section
     (K) of this Memorandum.

(H) Commitments that Exceed the Target Offering Amount

                        5
Will the Company accept commitments that     Yes
exceed the Target Offering Amount?
                                             $150,000
What is the maximum you will accept in this
Offering (it may not exceed $1,070,000)?     We will accept subscriptions on
                                             a first-come, first-served basis.
If Yes, how will the Company deal with the
oversubscriptions?

(I) How the Company Intends to Use the Money Raised in the Offering
     The Company is reasonably sure it will use the money raised in the offering as follows:

Use                         Amount           Amount
                            (Minimum)        (Maximum)
Taproom/Café Build-out      $25,000          $50,000
Brewing Equipment           $40,000          $78,500
Coffee Brewing              $5,500           $12,500
Equipment/Espresso Machine
Mainvest Compensation       $4,500           $9,000
TOTAL                       $75,000          $150,000

     The amounts listed estimates and are not intended to be exact description of the Company's
     expenditures. Exact allocation and use of funds may vary based upon legitimate business
     expenditures and economic factors.

(J) The Investment Process

     To Invest

           Review this Form C and the Campaign Page
           If you decide to invest, enter an amount and press the Invest button
           Follow the instructions

     TO CANCEL YOUR INVESTMENT

     Send an email to info@mainvest.com no later than 48 hours before the Offering Deadline or go to
     the dashboard for your user account to cancel manually. In your email, include your name and
     the name of the Company.

     Other Information on the Investment Process

           Investors may cancel an investment commitment until 48 hours prior to the O ering
           Deadline.
           MainVest will notify investors when and if the Target Offering Amount has been raised.
           If the Company reaches the Target O ering Amount before the O ering Deadline, it may
           close the o ering early if it provides notice about the new O ering Deadline at least ve
           business days before such new O ering Deadline, absent a material change that would

                                                           6
           require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment commitment.
           If an investor does not cancel an investment commitment before the 48-hour period before
           the O ering Deadline, the funds will be released to the Company upon closing of the
           offering and the investor will receive securities in exchange for his or her investment.
     For additional information about the investment and cancellation process, see the Educational
     Materials.
(K) Material Changes
     In the event the issuer undergoes a material change, the Investor will be noti ed of such change.
     The investor will have ve (5) business days from the receipt of such notice to recon rm their
     investment. IF AN INVESTOR DOES NOT RECONFIRM HIS OR HER INVESTMENT COMMITMENT
     WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS OF THE NOTICE OF MATERIAL CHANGE BEING SENT, THE INVESTOR'S
     INVESTMENT COMMITMENT WILL BE CANCELLED, THE COMMITTED FUNDS WILL BE RETURNED,
     AND THE INVESTOR WILL NOT BE ISSUED ANY OF THE SECURITIES REFERENCED IN THIS
     OFFERING.
     Explanation
     A "material change" means a change that an average, careful investor would want to know about
     before making an investment decision. If a material change occurs a er you make an investment
     commitment but before the O ering closes, then the Company will notify you and ask whether
     you want to invest anyway. If you do not a rmatively choose to invest, then your commitment
     will be cancelled, your funds will be returned to you, and you will not receive any securities.
(L) Price of the Securities
     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     "Notes." The Notes are being o ered at their face amount. For example, you will pay $1,000 for a
     Note with a face amount of $1,000.

                                                           7
(M) Terms of the Securities

     Overview

     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     the "Notes." The Terms of the Notes are set forth in the Revenue Share Agreement accompanying
     this Form C in Appendix A. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to
     this Form C.

     Summary of Terms

                                      1                                                     2

     Revenue Percentage                                                 1.3 - 2.6%
      Payment Deadline                                                  2027-01-01

                                            3                               1.8 x
                                                                            1.5 x
Maximum Payment Multiple
        - Early Investors                           The first day after disbursement that the
                                                 Company has revenues greater than one ($1)
     - All Other Investors
                                                                           dollar
      Sharing Start Date                       Thirty (30) days after the last day of the calendar
                                               quarter ending not less than Sixty (60) days after
      First Payment Date
                                                                the sharing start date.
            Seniority                                                 Subordinated
         Securitization                                                 Unsecured
          Accrual Rate                                                     0.45%

1 as defined in the note agreement included in Appendix A
2 The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale with a minimum rate of 1.3% and a maximum rate of 2.6% and is
rounded to the nearest 1/10th percent. The nal rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated a er the o ering has
successfully closed. As the amount raised in the o ering increases, the rate of revenue sharing increases. For example, a
hypothetical offering could result in the following revenue sharing percentages, depending on the amount raised:

Amount Raised                                  Revenue Sharing Percentage
    $75,000                                                   1.3%
    $93,750                                                   1.6%
    $112,500                                                  2.0%
    $131,250                                                  2.3%
    $150,000                                                  2.6%

3 To reward early participation, the investors who contribute the rst $25,000.0 raised in the o ering will receive a 1.8x cap.
Investors who contribute after $25,000.0 has been raised in the offering will receive a 1.5x cap.

Your Right to Payments under the Note

                                                      8
Your right to payments under the Note is set forth in the Note, together with a separate document
called the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are
attached to this Form C. Additionally, general terms are outlined below and in the Company's
offering page.

Obligation to Contribute Capital

Once you pay for your Note, you will have no obligation to contribute more money to the
Company, and you will not be personally obligated for any debts of the Company. However,
under some circumstances you could be required by law to return some or all of a distribution you
receive from the Company.

No Right to Transfer

You should plan to hold the Notes until maturity. The Notes will be illiquid (meaning you might
not be able to sell them) for at least four reasons:

      The Revenue Sharing Agreement prohibits the sale or other transfer of Notes without the
      Company's consent.
      If you want to sell your Note the Company will have the rst right of refusal to buy it, which
      could make it harder to find a buyer.
      Even if a sale were permitted, there is no ready market for Notes, as there would be for a
      publicly-traded stock.
      By law, for a period of one year you won't be allowed to transfer the Investor Shares except
      (i) to the Company itself, (ii) to an "accredited" investor, (iii) to a family or trust, or (iii) in a
      public offering of the Company's shares.

Security

The Notes are not secured by any assets of the Company or any assets of persons associated with
the Company.

Modification of Terms of Notes

The terms of the Notes and the Revenue Sharing Agreement may be modi ed or amended with
the consent of Investors holding 50% of the Notes, measured by the total amount outstanding
under each Note.

Other Classes of Securities

The Company has no outstanding securities.

Dilution of Rights

The Company has the right to create additional classes of securities, both equity securities and
debt securities (e.g., other classes of promissory notes). Some of these additional classes of
securities could have rights that are superior to those of the Notes. For example, the Company
could issue promissory notes that are secured by specific property of the Company.

The People Who Control the Company

Each of these people owns 20% or more of the total voting power of the Company:

                                                      9
Name of    % of Voting Power
Holder     (Prior to Offering)

Cody       75%
McCormack

     How the Exercise of Voting Rights Could Affect You

     You will receive payments with respect to your Note only if the Company makes enough money to
     pay you, or, if the Company does not make enough money to pay you, if there is enough value in
     the collateral the Company pledged as security for the Notes.

     The people with voting rights control the Company and make all the decisions about running its
     business. If they make good business decisions, it is more likely you will be paid. If they make
     poor business decisions, it is less likely you will be paid. For example, if they hire too many
     people and/or try to expand too quickly, the business could be harmed. The people with voting
     rights could also decide to le for bankruptcy protection, making it more di cult for you to be
     paid.

     How the Notes are Being Valued

     The Notes are being valued at their face value. We don't anticipate that we'll ever need to place a
     value on the Notes in the future.

(N) The Funding Portal

     The Company is o ering its securities through MainVest, Inc., which is a "Funding Portal"
     licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and FINRA. MainVest Inc.'s Central Index
     Key (CIK) number is 0001746059, their SEC File number is 007-00162, and their Central
     Registration Depository (CRD) number is 298384.

(O) Compensation of the Funding Portal

     MainVest will be paid 6.0% of the nal o ering amount, upon the successful completion of the
     o ering. MainVest does not receive compensation if the o ering does not succeed. MainVest,
     Inc. owns no interest in the Company, directly or indirectly, and will not acquire an interest as
     part of the Offering, nor is there any arrangement for MainVest to acquire an interest.

(P) Indebtedness of the Company

     The Company has no indebtedness outside of the debt the Company is expecting to raise through
     regulation crowdfunding on MainVest.

(Q) Other Offerings of Securities within the Last Three Years

     The Company has not made any o erings with other third-party regulation crowdfunding
     companies in the past three years.

(R) Transactions Between the Company and "Insiders"

     The Company has not entered into any business transactions, including stock Purchases,
     salaries, property rentals, consulting arrangements, guaranties, or other agreements with any
     individual identified in Section 227.201 (r)(1)-(4) of Regulation Crowdfunding during the 12 months
     preceding this Offering.

                                                          10
(S) The Company's Financial Condition
     Forecasted milestones
     WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company forecasts the following milestones:
           Achieve $1,500,000 in revenue in first year of operations
           Achieve $2,000,000 in revenue in second year of operations
           Achieve $300,000 profit in third year of operations
     No other outstanding debt or equity
     The capital raised through Mainvest will make up the entirety of the WeHa Brewing & Roasting
     Company's fundraising. However, WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company may require additional
     funds from alternate sources at a later date.
     Financial liquidity
     WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company has a moderate liquidity position due to its medium cash
     reserves as compared to debt and other liabilities. WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company expects its
     liquidity position to decline upon raising capital on Mainvest and deploying the capital to grow
     the business.
     No operating history
     WeHa Brewing & Roasting Company was established in May 2019. Accordingly, there are limited
      nancial statements and information for investors to review. When evaluating this investment
     opportunity, investors should consider factors outlined in the risk section as well.

(T) The Company's Financial Statements
     Please see Appendix B for historical financial statements.
     Pro Forma Income Statement
     In order to illustrate its future earning potential, the Company has provided a summary of its 5-
     year nancial forecast. The forecast has been developed by the Company using reasonable best
     e orts based on their understanding of the industry and market they wish to enter. Please refer
     to Section (F) of this O ering Memorandum for a list of the risks associated with an investment in
     the Company and utilizing any pro forma provided by the Company for making investment
     decisions.

                                                          11
     THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION PROVIDED TO INVESTORS HAS NOT BE REVIEWED BY AN
     INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT AND IS CERTIFIED BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
     OFFICER OF THE ISSUER.

(U) Disqualification Events

     Neither The Company nor any individual identi ed by Section 227.503(a) of Regulation
     Crowdfunding is the subject of a disqualifying event as de ned by Section 227.503 of Regulation
     Crowdfunding.

     Explanation

     A company is not allowed to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding if certain designated
     people associated with the Company (including its directors or executive o cers) committed
     certain prohibited acts (mainly concerned with violations of the securities laws) on or a er May
     16, 2016. (You can read more about these rules in the Educational Materials.) This item requires a
     company to disclose whether any of those designated people committed any of those prohibited
     acts before May 16, 2016.

(V) Updates on the Progress of the Offering

     To track the investment commitments we've received in this O ering, click to see the Progress
     Bar.

(W) Annual Reports for the Company

     The Company will le a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission annually and post
     the report on our website no later than 120 days a er the end of each scal year. It's possible that
     at some point, the Company will not be required to le any more annual reports. We will notify
     you if that happens.

(X) Our Compliance with Reporting Obligations

     The Company has never raised money using Regulation Crowdfunding before, and therefore has
     never been required to file any reports.

                                                          12
(Y) Other Information Prospective Investors Should Know About

     The Issuer may o er "Perks" as a means of showing appreciation to investors for supporting
     small community businesses. The o ering of "Perks" by issuers is done purely on a voluntary
     basis and have no in uence upon the terms of the O ering. As such, Investor "Perks" are not
     contractual conditions governed by "the Note" and are not enforceable under "the Note".

     THIS OFFERING IS BEING CONDUCTED PURSUANT TO THE SEC'S TEMPORARY REGULATORY
     COVID-19 RELIEF WHICH HAS LIMITED CANCELLATION RIGHTS FOR INVESTORS. INVESTORS
     MAY CANCEL THEIR INVESTMENT FOR ANY REASON UNTIL FORTY EIGHT (48) HOURS PRIOR TO
     THE OFFERING CLOSE DATE. IF AN INVESTORS DOES NOT CANCEL THEIR INVESTMENT PRIOR
     TO 48) HOURS TO THE OFFERING CLOSE DATE THEN THE INVESTOR MAY ONLY CANCEL THEIR
     INVESTMENT IN THE EVENT OF A MATERIAL CHANGE WHICH REQUIRES AFFIRMATIVE
     RECONFIRMATION OF THEIR INVESTMENT. SHOULD AN INVESTOR NOT CANCEL THEIR
     INVESTMENT COMMITMENT PRIOR TO 48 HOURS PRIOR TO THE OFFERING CLOSE DATE AND NO
     MATERIAL CHANGES OCCUR, THE INVESTOR WILL BE UNABLE TO CANCEL THEIR INVESTMENT
     COMMITMENT AND THE FUNDS WILL BE RELEASED TO THE ISSUER UPON THE CLOSING OF THE
     OFFERING AND THE INVESTOR WILL RECEIVE SECURITIES IN EXCHANGE FOR HIS OR HER
     INVESTMENT.

     Additional Information Included in the Form C

                         Most recent fiscal year- Prior fiscal year-end

                         end (tax returns)  (tax returns)

Total Assets             $0                 $0
Cash & Cash Equivalents
Accounts Receivable      $0                 $0
Short-term Debt
Long-term Debt           $0                 $0
Revenues/Sales
Cost of Goods Sold       $0                 $0
Taxes Paid
Net Income               $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

Jurisdictions in which the Company intends to offer the securities:

AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS,
MO, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV,
WI, WY, B5, GU, PR, VI, 1V

                             13
