FORM C-AR

       facilitated by
                                          Overview: From C-AR
NAME : Lucky Goat Brewing, LLC

LEGAL STATUS

         FORM: Limited Liability Corporation
         JURISDICTION: MA
         DATE OF ORGANIZATION: 9/3/2019

PHYSICAL ADDRESS: 379 Main Street, Wareham, MA, 02571
WEBSITE: https://www.luckygoatbrewing.com/

CURRENT NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES: 3

Financial Statements Line  Most Recent Fiscal Year             Prior Fiscal Year End ­
Item                       End ­ December 31, 2020             December 21, 2019
Total Assets
Cash                       $0                                  $0
Accounts Receivable        $0                                  $0
Short-term debt            $0                                  $0
Long-term debt             $0                                  $0
Revenues                   $0                                  $0
Costs of Good Sold         $0                                  $0
Taxes Paid                 $0                                  $0
Net Loss                   $0                                  $0
                           $0                                  $0
Lucky Goat Brewing

FORM C-AR ANNUAL REPORT

Purpose of This Form

     A company that has raised money using Regulation Crowdfunding must report certain information. The
     Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has issued regulations at 17 CFR §227.202 listing the
     information companies must provide. This form ­ Form C-AR ­ is the form used to provide that information.

(A) The Company                                     Lucky Goat Brewing, LLC
                     Name of Company                       Massachusetts
                                                                9/3/19
                    State of Organization                         LLC
                      Date of Formation
                           Entity Type     379 Main Street, Wareham, MA, 02571
                        Street Address      https://www.luckygoatbrewing.com/
                       Website Address
(B) Directors and Officers of the Company

Key Person 1                                 Aaron Perry
Positions with the Company
                                    Title Co-Founder, Head Brewer
                               Duration 2019 - Present

Business experience (last three years)     Self-employed

Principal occupation (last three years)    Self-employed Brewer

Has this person been employed by anyone No

else in the last three years?

Other employer information (if any)        N/A                   N/A

Key Person 2                               Caitlin Hurd
Positions with the Company
Title                                      Co-Founder
Duration                                   2019 - Present

Business experience (last three years)     Digital Marketing Manager

Principal occupation (last three years)    Digital Marketing Manager at Eve's Addiction

Has this person been employed by anyone No

else in the last three years?

Other employer information (if any)        N/A                   N/A

Key Person 2                               Kendall Peabody
Positions with the Company
Title                                      Co-Founder
Duration                                   2019 - Present

Business experience (last three years)     Self-Employed CPA

Principal occupation (last three years)    Public Accountant

Has this person been employed by anyone No

else in the last three years?

Other employer information (if any)        N/A                   N/A
(C) Each Person Who Owns 20% or More of the Voting Power

 Name of     % of Voting Power (Prior
 Holder      to Offering)

Aaron Perry  33%

Caitlin Hurd 33%

Kendall      33%

Peabody

 (D) The Company's Business and Business Plan

Lucky Goat Brewing LLC is seeking to become the first brewery in Wareham, MA. Our goal is to create a place where individuals
will be able to come, relax with their friends and families, and enjoy a well-made brew using local ingredients.
A majority of Lucky Goat Brewing sales will come straight from the taproom, which concurrently provides the best experience for
the drinkers, the fastest cash turnover, and the highest profit percentage. Customers will also have the option to purchase canned
beer to take home. Cans and kegs will also be sold to various sold bars.
Our main goal is to provide a unique range of great beers that will satisfy a range of customers. These include classic "beers made
to style" for those beer connoisseurs, hoppy IPAs for those hop heads, and a selection of experimental beers for those that wish to
explore the limits of beer itself.

INDUSTRY HIGHLIGHTS
Craft beer is a $27.6 billion market.
Craft beer is the fastest growing segment of the beer market.
The tap-room model has been proven to have high margins.

THE MARKET
In the last few years the craft beer industry has gone through some radical changes which has not only caused massive growth, but
has changed the very landscape of the market. While this growth has caused some to fear an over-saturation, this notion itself is
being countered by the increased number of craft beer drinkers entering the market. This is mainly the result of the culture clearing
the industry's two main hurdles: Cost and taste.
The customers as a whole have shown that they are willing to pay more for better quality. This is true not only for beer, but for the
food industry as well. No longer do college student go straight for the cheapest option; in many cases the first beer they try is craft.
In addition, while in the past craft beer's "interesting flavors" would drive people off, now it's one of the biggest draws. Customer
will make plans to seek out these flavors, in many cases planning their day around it, and then posting about the experience on
social media.
The biggest shift, however, is how people have come to view breweries themselves. In the beer industry, (as well as in the food, art,
crafts, and pretty much every industry), individuals have shown a bigger interest in enjoying local flavor. It something a
community takes pride in. While this mentality has begun to hurt the regional craft breweries brands such as Samual Adams, this
has helped in the rise of small "mom and pop" breweries. These smaller breweries themselves have now become the "watering
holes" for many communities. Parents will often bring their children and pets to meet up with other families on weekends and eat
from local food trucks. Community event will happen at these breweries and the brewery itself helps support the community
through various charity work. All of this has given the small, local breweries an advantage over not only the regional breweries, but
also the macro breweries such as Anheuser-Busch InBev. While some hold-out customers may not leave their trusty Bud Light
behind for a far-away regional brand, a local brew with a local story may just have a shot.

OUR COMPETITORS
As of November 1st, 2019, there are currently no direct competitors for Lucky Goat Brewery LLC. From a brewery standpoint, the
closest competitor is over 20 minute drive away while the next one is over a half hour. And while Cape Cod has experienced rapid
growth, the area of Wareham itself, often called the "Gateway to the Cape," and the surrounding towns, have have yet to be tapped.
As noted above, Wareham itself has little in the ways of craft beer bars. These bars themselves have expressed interest in having
more local beer on tap and would be interested clients.

 (E) Number of Employees
The Company currently has 3 employees.

(F) Risks of Investing

    THESE SECURITIES ARE OFFERED UNDER AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
    FEDERAL LAW. THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") HAS NOT
    MADE AN INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION THAT THESE SECURITIES ARE EXEMPT FROM
    REGISTRATION. THE SEC HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE MERITS OF THE SECURITIES OR
    THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, AND HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR
    COMPLETENESS OF THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS OR LITERATURE.

     THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED OR APPROVED BY ANY FEDERAL OR
     STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THESE
     AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS
     DOCUMENT.

    Please refer to Appendix A for additional risks to consider when investing in this offering.

(G) Terms of the Securities

Overview
The Company is offering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as the
"Notes." Many of the terms of the Notes are set forth in a separate document called the Revenue
Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to this Form
C.

Summary of Terms             5.7%**
 Revenue Percentage*         12 / 31 / 2026
 Payment Deadline
 Maximum Payment Multiple    1.5 x
                             1.35 x
      - Early Investors***   The first day after disbursement that the company has revenues
      - All Other Investors  greater than one ($1) dollar
 Sharing Start Date          Thirty (30) days after the last day of the calendar quarter ending not
                             less than Sixty (60) days after the sharing start date.
 First Payment Date

Seniority                    Subordinated
Securitization               Unsecured
Accrual Rate                 1.51 %

*as further defined in the note agreement

**The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale between the stated rates and is rounded
to the nearest 1/10th percent. The final rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated after
the offering has successfully closed. As the amount raised in the offering increases, the rate of
revenue sharing increases.
*** To reward early participation, the investors who contribute the first $25,000 raised in the
offering will receive a 1.5x cap. Investors who contribute after $25,000 has been raised in the
offering will receive a 1.35x cap.

Your Right to Payments under the Note
Your right to payments under the Note is set forth in the Note, together with a separate document
called the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are
attached to this Form C. Additionally, general terms are outlined below and in the Company's
offering page.

Obligation to Contribute Capital
Once you pay for your Note, you will have no obligation to contribute more money to the
Company, and you will not be personally obligated for any debts of the Company. However, under
some circumstances you could be required by law to return some or all of a distribution you receive
from the Company.

No Right to Transfer

You should plan to hold the Notes until maturity. The Notes will be illiquid (meaning you might not

be able to sell them) for at least four reasons:

·  The Revenue Sharing Agreement prohibits the sale or other transfer of Notes

   without the Company's consent.

·  If you want to sell your Note the Company will have the first right of refusal to buy

   it, which could make it harder to find a buyer.

·  Even if a sale were permitted, there is no ready market for Notes, as there would be

   for a publicly-traded stock.

·  By law, for a period of one year you won't be allowed to transfer the Investor Shares

   except (i) to the Company itself, (ii) to an "accredited" investor, (iii) to a family or

   trust, or (iii) in a public offering of the Company's shares.

Security
The Notes are not secured by any assets of the Company or any assets of persons associated with
the Company.

Modification of Terms of Notes
The terms of the Notes and the Revenue Sharing Agreement may be modified or amended with the
consent of Investors holding 50% of the Notes, measured by the total amount outstanding under
each Note.

Other Classes of Securities
The Company has outstanding the following securities:

Name of Security                                  Limited Liability
                                                  N/A
Number of Shares Outstanding                      N/A

Describe Voting Rights of These Securities,       N/A
Including Any Limitations on Voting Rights

How These Securities Differ from the
Promissory Notes Offered to Investors

Dilution of Rights
The Company has the right to create additional classes of securities, both equity securities and debt
securities (e.g., other classes of promissory notes). Some of these additional classes of securities
could have rights that are superior to those of the Notes. For example, the Company could issue
promissory notes that are secured by specific property of the Company.
The People Who Control the Company
Each of these people owns 20% or more of the total voting power of the Company:

Name             Percentage of Voting Rights
Aaron Perry      33.3%
Caitlin Hurd     33.3%
Kendall Peabody  33.3%

How the Exercise of Voting Rights Could Affect You
You will receive payments with respect to your Note only if the Company makes enough money to
pay you, or, if the Company does not make enough money to pay you, if there is enough value in
the collateral the Company pledged as security for the Notes.

The people with voting rights control the Company and make all the decisions about running its
business. If they make good business decisions, it is more likely you will be paid. If they make poor
business decisions, it is less likely you will be paid. For example, if they hire too many people and/or
try to expand too quickly, the business could be harmed. The people with voting rights could also
decide to file for bankruptcy protection, making it more difficult for you to be paid.

How the Notes are Being Valued
The Notes are being valued at their face value. We don't anticipate that we'll ever need to place a
value on the Notes in the future.
(H) Indebtedness of the Company

Creditor  Amount                 Interest  Maturity  Other Important Terms
                                 Rate      Date
                                           2/1/2019  12k due on February 1st,
Thomas Frizelle $24,000                              remainder due in 1k monthly
                                           None      installments

Owners/Family $109,632.81 None

 (I) Other Offerings of Securities within the Last Three Years
The Company has not made any offerings with other third-party regulation crowdfunding companies
in the past three years.

 (J) Transactions Between the Company and "Insiders"

The Company has not made any business transaction, including stock purchases, salaries, property
rentals, consulting arrangements, guaranties, etc.

 (K) Our Compliance with Reporting Obligations
5IJTJTUIFGJSTUSFRVJSFEGJMJOHGPSPOHPJOHSFQPSUJOH
