
  


                                   INVESTMENT AGREEMENT

                                                                       facilitated by

                                                                     1

  


                                   INVESTMENT AGREEMENT

           This is an Investment Agreement, by and between Mantis Management Group, LLC (the
           "Company") and the purchaser identified on the Investor Information Sheet ("Purchaser").

                                                                     BACKGROUND

           Purchaser wishes to purchase a Revenue Sharing Note issued by the Company through
           www.Mainvest.com (the "Site"). NOW, THEREFORE, acknowledging the receipt of adequate
           consideration and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

           1. Defined Terms

           Capitalized terms that are not otherwise de ned in this Investment Agreement have the meanings
           given to them in the Company's Form C and its attachments, all available at the Site. In this
           Investment Agreement, we refer to the Form C and its attachments as the "Disclosure Document." We
           sometimes refer to the Company using terms like "we" or "us," and to Purchaser using terms like
           "you" or "your."

           2. Purchase of Note

           Subject to the terms and conditions of this Investment Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to sell
           to you, and you hereby agree to purchase from the Company, a promissory note as described in the
           Disclosure Document, in the amount set forth on the Investor Information Sheet. We refer to your
           promissory note as the "Note."

           3. No Right to Cancel

           You do not have the right to cancel your subscription or change your mind. Once you sign this
           Investment Agreement, you are obligated to purchase the Note, no matter what, even if the O ering is
           over-subscribed and the amount of your Note is reduced.

           4. Our Right to Reject Investment

           In contrast, we have the right to reject your subscription for any reason or for no reason, in our sole
           discretion. If we reject your subscription, any money you have given us will be returned to you.

           5. Your Promises

           You promise that:

                    5.1. Accuracy of Information

                    All of the information you have given to us, whether in this Investment Agreement, at the Site,
                    or otherwise, is accurate and we may rely on it. If any of the information you have given to us
                    changes before we accept your subscription, you will notify us immediately. If any of the
                    information you have given to us is inaccurate and we are harmed as a result, you will
                    indemnify us, meaning you will pay any damages.

                    5.2. Review of Information

                    You have read and understand the Disclosure Document. Without limiting that sentence, you
                    have read and understand the Note and the Revenue Sharing Agreement.

                    5.3. Risks

                                                                     2

  


                    You understand all the risks of investing, including the risk that you could lose all your money.
                    Without limiting that statement, you have reviewed and understand all the risks listed in the
                    Educational Materials at the Site and in the Disclosure Document.
                    5.4. No Representations
                    Nobody has made any promises or representations to you, except the information in the
                    Disclosure Document. Nobody has guaranteed any financial outcome of your investment.
                    5.5. Opportunity to Ask Questions
                    You have had the opportunity to ask questions about the Company and the investment. All
                    your questions have been answered to your satisfaction.
                    5.6. Your Legal Power to Sign and Invest
                    You have the legal power to sign this Investment Agreement and purchase the Note.
                    5.7. No Government Approval
                    You understand that no state or federal authority has reviewed this Investment Agreement or
                    the Note or made any finding relating to the value or fairness of the investment.
                    5.8. No Transfer
                    You understand that under the terms of the Revenue Sharing Agreement, the Note may not be
                    transferred without our consent. Also, securities laws limit transfer of the Note. Finally, there is
                    currently no market for the Note, meaning it might be hard to nd a buyer. As a result, you
                    should be prepared to hold the Note through its maturity.
                    5.9. No Advice
                    We have not provided you with any investment, nancial, or tax advice. Instead, we have
                    advised you to consult with your own legal and financial advisors and tax experts.
                    5.10.Tax Treatment
                    We have not promised you any particular tax outcome from buying or holding the Note.
                    5.11. Acting On Your Own Behalf
                    You are acting on your own behalf in purchasing the Note, not on behalf of anyone else.
                    5.12. Investment Purpose
                    You are purchasing the Note solely as an investment, not with an intent to re-sell or
                    "distribute" any part of it.
                    5.13. Anti-Money Laundering Laws
                    Your investment will not, by itself, cause the Company to be in violation of any "anti-money
                    laundering" laws, including, without limitation, the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United
                    States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, and the United States International Money
                    Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001.
                    5.14. Additional Information

                                                                     3

  


                    At our request, you will provide further documentation verifying the source of the money used
                    to purchase the Note.
                    5.15. Disclosure
                    You understand that we may release con dential information about you to government
                    authorities if we determine, in our sole discretion a er consultation with our lawyer, that
                    releasing such information is in the best interest of the Company or if we are required to do so
                    by such government authorities.
                    5.16. Additional Documents
                    You will execute any additional documents we request if we reasonably believe those
                    documents are necessary or appropriate and explain why.
                    5.17. No Violations
                    Your purchase of the Note will not violate any law or con ict with any contract to which you are
                    a party.
                    5.18. Enforceability
                    This Investment Agreement is enforceable against you in accordance with its terms.
                    5.19. No Inconsistent Statements
                    No person has made any oral or written statements or representations to you that are
                    inconsistent with the information in this Investment Agreement and the Disclosure Materials.
                    5.20. Financial Forecasts
                    You understand that any nancial forecasts or projections are based on estimates and
                    assumptions we believe to be reasonable but are highly speculative. Given the industry, our
                    actual results may vary from any forecasts or projections.
                    5.21. Notification
                    If you discover at any time that any of the promises in this section 5 are untrue, you will notify
                    us right away.
                    5.22. Additional Promises by Individuals
                    If you are a natural person (not an entity), you also promise that:

                              5.22.1. U.S. Citizen or Resident
                              You are a citizen or permanent resident (green card) of the United States.
                              5.22.2. Financial Wherewithal
                              You can a ord this investment, even if you lose your money. You don't rely on this
                              money for your current needs, like rent or utilities.
                              5.22.3. Anti-Terrorism and Money Laundering Laws
                              None of the money used to purchase the Note was derived from or related to any activity
                              that is illegal under United States law, and you are not on any list of "Specially

                                                                     4

  


                              Designated Nationals" or known or suspected terrorists that has been generated by the
                              O ce of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of Treasury ("OFAC"),
                              nor are you a citizen or resident of any country that is subject to embargo or trade
                              sanctions enforced by OFAC.

           6. Confidentiality

           The information we have provided to you about the Company, including the information in the
           Disclosure Document, is con dential. You will not reveal such information to anyone or use such
           information for your own benefit, except to purchase the Note.

           7. Re-Purchase of Note

           If we decide that you provided us with inaccurate information or have otherwise violated your
           obligations, or if required by any applicable law or regulation related to terrorism, money laundering,
           and similar activities, we may (but shall not be required to) repurchase your Note for an amount equal
           to the principal amount outstanding.

           8. Governing Law

           Your relationship with us shall be governed by Massachusetts law, without taking into account
           principles of conflicts of law.

           9. Arbitration

                    9.1. Right to Arbitrate Claims

                    If any kind of legal claim arises between us as a result of your purchase of the Note, either of us
                    will have the right to arbitrate the claim, rather than use the courts. There are only three
                    exceptions to this rule. First, we will not invoke our right to arbitrate a claim you bring in Small
                    Claims Court or an equivalent court, if any, so long as the claim is pending only in that court.
                    Second, we have the right to seek an injunction in court if you violate or threaten to violate
                    your obligations. Third, disputes arising under the Note or the Revenue Sharing Agreement will
                    be handled in the manner described in the Revenue Sharing Agreement.

                    9.2. Place of Arbitration; Rules

                    All arbitration will be conducted in Massachusetts unless we agree otherwise in writing in a
                    speci c case. All arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator in accordance with the
                    rules of the American Arbitration Association.

                    9.3. Appeal of Award

                    Within thirty (30) days of a nal award by the single arbitrator, you or we may appeal the award
                    for reconsideration by a three-arbitrator panel. If you or we appeal, the other party may cross-
                    appeal within thirty (30) days a er notice of the appeal. The panel will reconsider all aspects of
                    the initial award that are appealed, including related findings of fact.

                    9.4. Effect of Award

                    Any award by the individual arbitrator that is not subject to appeal, and any panel award on
                    appeal, shall be nal and binding, except for any appeal right under the Federal Arbitration Act,
                    and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.

                    9.5. No Class Action Claims

                                                                     5

  


                    NO ARBITRATION SHALL PROCEED ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS.
                    No party may join, consolidate, or otherwise bring claims for or on behalf of two or more
                    individuals or unrelated corporate entities in the same arbitration unless those persons are
                    parties to a single transaction. An award in arbitration shall determine the rights and
                    obligations of the named parties only, and only with respect to the claims in arbitration, and
                    shall not (i) determine the rights, obligations, or interests of anyone other than a named party,
                    or resolve any claim of anyone other than a named party, or (ii) make an award for the bene t
                    of, or against, anyone other than a named party. No administrator or arbitrator shall have the
                    power or authority to waive, modify, or fail to enforce this paragraph, and any attempt to do so,
                    whether by rule, policy, arbitration decision or otherwise, shall be invalid and unenforceable.
                    Any challenge to the validity of this paragraph shall be determined exclusively by a court and
                    not by the administrator or any arbitrator. If this paragraph shall be deemed unenforceable,
                    then any proceeding in the nature of a class action shall be handled in court, not in arbitration.

           10. Consent to Electronic Delivery

           You agree that we may deliver all notices, tax reports and other documents and information to you by
           email or another electronic delivery method we choose. You agree to tell us right away if you change
           your email address or home mailing address so we can send information to the new address.

           11. Notices

           All notices between us will be electronic. You will contact us by email at the address indicated on the
           Company Signature Page below. We will contact you by email at the email address below. Either of us
           may change our email address by notifying the other (by email). Any notice will be considered to have
           been received on the day it was sent by email, unless the recipient can demonstrate that a problem
           occurred with delivery. You should designate our email address as a "safe sender" so our emails do not
           get trapped in your spam filter.

           12. Limitations on Damages

           WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
           PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU TELL US YOU MIGHT INCUR THOSE DAMAGES. This means that at
           most, you can sue us for the amount of your investment. You can't sue us for anything else.

           13. Waiver of Jury Rights

           IN ANY DISPUTE WITH US, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. This means that
           any dispute will be heard by an arbitrator or a judge, not a jury.

           14. Miscellaneous Provisions

                    14.1. No Transfer

                    You may not transfer your rights or obligations.

                    14.2. Right to Legal Fees

                    If we have a legal dispute with you, the losing party will pay the costs of the winning party,
                    including reasonable legal fees.

                    14.3. Headings

                    The headings used in this Investment Agreement (e.g., the word "Headings" in this paragraph),
                    are used only for convenience and have no legal significance.

                                                                     6

  


                    14.4. No Other Agreements
                    This Investment Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto are the only agreements between
                    us.
                    14.5 Electronic Signature
                    You will sign this Investment Agreement electronically, rather than physically.

                                                                     7

  


                                                COMPANY SIGNATURE PAGE

Intending to be bound by this Investment Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto, the Company
has executed this document:

Signature:  
Name:        

Title:      
Date:

Email Address: worphe255@gmail.com

                                    8

  


Name of Purchaser:     INVESTOR INFORMATION SHEET
Email Address:
Mailing Address:                          If Purchaser is an entity

                                             Name of Afflicated Person:
                                             Title:
                                             State of Organization:

Investment Amount:      ADDITIONAL TERMS
Revenue Percentage:    INVESTOR SIGNATURE
Principal Amount:
Purchaser Percentage:

Signature:
Date:

                       9

  


                                      EXHIBIT A

                                                  REVENUE SHARING NOTE

THIS REVENUE SHARING NOTE (THE "NOTE") HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE COMPANY AND COMPLYING WITH SECURITIES
LAWS.

THIS NOTE REPRESENTS THE OBLIGATION OF Mantis Management Group, LLC (THE
"COMPANY") AND WAS ISSUED PURSUANT TO (i) AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM FILED WITH THE SEC
IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE COMPANY'S FORM C, AND (ii) THE INVESTMENT AGREEMENT, WHICH
ARE AVAILABLE FOR REVIEW AT WWW.MAINVEST.COM (THE "SITE").

CAPITALIZED TERMS THAT ARE NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED IN THIS NOTE HAVE THE MEANINGS
GIVEN TO THEM IN THOSE DOCUMENTS.

              Issuer                                       Mantis Management Group, LLC

                                           2                                 3.0 x
                                                                             2.0 x
Maximum Payment Multiple                                                 1.0 - 4.0%
     - Early Investors                                                    Annually
     - All Other Investors                     The first day after disbursement that the company
    Revenue Percentage1                              has revenues greater than one ($1) dollar
     Payment Frequency                        The last day of the calendar month ending not more
      Sharing Start Date                       than thirty days after the end of the first calendar
                                                          year after the Sharing Start Date.
      First Payment Date                                               Subordinated
                                                                         Unsecured
            Seniority                                                    12/31/2032
         Securitization                                                     1.02%
         Maturity Date
          Accrual Rate

1 The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale with a minimum rate of 1.0% and a maximum rate of 4.0% and is rounded
to the nearest 1/10th percent. The nal rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated a er the o ering has successfully closed.
As the amount raised in the offering increases, the rate of revenue sharing increases.
2 To reward early participation, the investors who contribute the rst $250,000.0 raised in the o ering will receive a 3.0x cap.
Investors who contribute after $250,000.0 has been raised in the offering will receive a 2.0x cap.

                                              10

  


           1. Revenue Sharing Agreement

           This Note is subject to the Company's Revenue Sharing Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B as if all
           the terms of the Revenue Sharing Agreement were set forth in this Note.

           2 Payment Obligation

                    2.1 First Payment

                    On the First Payment Date, the Company shall pay to Purchaser an amount equal to (i) the
                    Purchaser Percentage (as de ned in the Investor Information Sheet above), multiplied by (ii)
                    the Revenue Percentage, multiplied by (iii) the Total Revenue of the Company for the period
                    beginning on the Sharing Start Date and ending on the last day of the month before the First
                    Payment Date.

                    2.2. Subsequent Annual Payments

                    On the date twelve (12) months following the First Payment Date, and on each 12 month
                    anniversary therea er, the Company shall pay to Purchaser an amount equal to (i) the
                    Purchaser Percentage, multiplied by (ii) the Revenue Percentage, multiplied by (iii) the Total
                    Revenue of the Company for the period of 12 months beginning immediately on the day a er
                    the previous calculation.

                    2.3. Prepayment

                    At any time, without notice to Purchaser, may pay to Purchaser any amount in excess of the
                    payments required by sections 2.1 and 2.2.

                    2.4. Termination of Payments

                    Notwithstanding section 2.2, no payments shall be due to Purchaser a er Purchaser has
                    received an aggregate amount under this Note, including payments made by the Company
                    pursuant to section 2.3, equal to (i) the Principal Amount (as de ned in the Investor
                    Information Sheet above), multiplied by (ii) the Maximum Payment Multiple. We refer to the
                    result of this multiplication as the "Maximum Payment Amount."

                    2.5. Payment on Maturity Date

                    Unless payments have already terminated as a result of section 2.4, on the Maturity Date the
                    Company shall pay to Purchaser an amount equal to the Maximum Payment Amount minus the
                    aggregate of all payments made by the Company to Purchaser under this Note, including
                    payments made by the Company pursuant to section 2.3.

                    2.6. Payment on Change of Control

                              2.6.1. General Rule

                              If the Company experiences a Change of Control, then the Company shall promptly pay
                              to Purchaser an amount equal to the Maximum Payment Amount minus the aggregate of
                              all payments made by the Company to Purchaser under this Note, including payments
                              made by the Company pursuant to section 2.3.

                              2.6.2 Change of Control Defined

                              For purposes of this this Note, the term "Change of Control" means (i) the sale, transfer

                                                                    11

  


                              or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets and business; or
                              (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of outstanding securities of the Company
                              representing at least Fi y Percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company; or (iii) a
                              merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, such as another
                              limited liability or corporation, except a merger or consolidation in which the owners of
                              the Company's equity securities immediately before such merger or consolidation
                              continue to own securities representing more than Fi y Percent (50%) of the voting
                              power of the Company or the surviving or acquiring entity; or (iv) the liquidation,
                              dissolution or winding up of the Company. It does not mean a change in the corporate
                              form of the Company, e.g., a change from a limited liability company to a corporation, or
                              a change in the jurisdiction of the Company's organization.

                    2.7. Total Revenue Defined

                    The "Total Revenue" of the Company for any period means the gross sales price of all
                    merchandise, gi or merchandise certi cates, or services sold by the Company during the
                    period, using the same method of accounting used for Federal income tax purposes, reduced by
                    (i) the sales price of all merchandise returned by customers and accepted for full credit or the
                    amount of discounts and allowances made on such merchandise to the extent previously
                    included in revenue; (ii) the amount of any sales taxes, so-called luxury taxes, consumers'
                    excise taxes, gross receipts taxes, and other similar taxes imposed upon the sale of merchandise
                    or services, but only if collected separately from the selling price of merchandise or services and
                    collected from customers and paid to the taxing authority; (iii) the amount of any sales of

                      xtures, equipment, or other property which are not stock in trade of the Company; (iv) the
                    amount of any sales of gi or merchandise certi cates until converted to a sale by redemption
                    for actual merchandise or services; (v) any cash or credit discount, allowance, or refund made
                    upon any sales; and (vi) tips or gratuities paid by customers to or for the bene t of the
                    Company's employees which are retained by the Company's employees.

           3. Nature of Obligation

           For all purposes, including but limited to Federal and State tax purposes, this Note shall be treated as a
           debt and not as an equity interest.

           4) Treatment of Interest

           For Federal and State tax purposes (i) interest shall accrue at the Accrual Rate, and (ii) payments made
           pursuant to section 2 shall rst be treated as interest, up to the amount of interest so accrued, then
           shall be treated as principal, until Purchaser has received, as principal, the entire Principal Amount,
           and then shall be treated as interest.

           5) No Violation of Usury Laws

           If any payment required under this Note would otherwise violate any law limiting the amount of
           interest that may be charged (i.e., "usury" laws), then, notwithstanding section 3, the amount in
           excess of the allowable interest payment shall be deemed to be a direct interest in the Company's
           income, and not as interest.

           6) Consequences of Default

           Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, as defined in the Revenue Sharing Agreement:

                    6.1 Any unpaid amounts under section 2 shall bear interest at one and one-quarter percent
                    (1.25%) per month;

                                                                    12

  


                    6.2. Purchaser may immediately demand from Company an amount equal to the Maximum
                    Payment Amount minus the aggregate of all payments made by the Company to Purchaser
                    under this Note, including payments made by the Company pursuant to section 2.3; and
                    6.3. Purchaser may exercise any other remedy available in the Revenue Sharing Agreement or
                    by law.

                                                                    13

  


                                              EXHIBIT B

                                                         REVENUE SHARING AGREEMENT

           This Revenue Sharing Agreement is entered into by Mantis Management Group, LLC (the
           "Company") and each person who acquires a Revenue Sharing Note referencing this Revenue Sharing
           Agreement (a "Holder"). Background A. The Company sold Revenue Sharing Notes (the "Notes") to
           the Holders through Mainvest, Inc. (the "Portal") at www.Mainvest.com (the "Site"). B. This Revenue
           Sharing Agreement sets forth certain terms applicable to the Notes that are not set forth in the Notes
           themselves. NOW, THEREFORE, acknowledging the receipt of adequate consideration and intending to
           be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

           1. Application of this Revenue Sharing Agreement to Notes

           The terms of this Revenue Sharing Agreement shall apply to each Note as if the terms of this Revenue
           Sharing Agreement were fully set forth in each Note.

           2. Pro Rata Payments

           Payments to the Holders shall be pro rata with other Holders who purchased Notes in the same
           o ering, based on the Principal Amount of each such Note. If a Holder receives a payment in excess of
           his, her, or its pro rata share, the excess shall be deemed to be held in trust for the bene t of other
           Holders.
           3.Form of Payments
            $OOSD\PHQWVRISULQFLSDODQGLQWHUHVWRQWKH1RWHVZLOOEHPDGHLQ86GROODUVLQVXFKPHWKRGDVWKH&RPSDQ\
            PD\GHWHUPLQH7KH&RPSDQ\PD\XWLOL]HSHUVRQDOFKHFNVDQGRUWKLUGSDUW\ILQDQFLDODSSOLFDWLRQV7KHVH
            VRXUFHVPD\VXEMHFWUHSD\PHQWVWRDGGLWLRQDOIHHVRUULVNVDQGZLOOEHVXEMHFWWRDQ\DSSOLFDEOHWHUPVDQG
            FRQGLWLRQV
           4.Withholding
           If any withholding tax is imposed on any payment made by the Company to a Holder pursuant to a
           Note, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise payable with respect to such payment. Upon request
           of the Company, the Holder shall provide the Company with an Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or
           other similar withholding certi cate of a State, local or foreign governmental authority such that the
           Company may make payments under the Note without deduction for, or at a reduced rate of deduction
           for, any tax.
           5.Voting Rights
           Ownership of a Note does not give the Holder the right to vote or otherwise participate in the
           management of the Company.
           6.Restrictions on Holders
           No Holder may, under any circumstances (i) take any action to collect a Note, except as provided in this
           Revenue Sharing Agreement; or (ii) record, or try to record, a Note or any other instrument relating toa
           Note.
           7.Transfers of Notes

                    7.1. Conditions on Permitted Transfers

                    In the event a Holder proposes to sell or transfer a Note, the Company may, but shall not be
                    required to, impose reasonable conditions on such sale or transfer including, but not limited,

                                                                    14

  


                    to: (i) Notes may be transferred only in whole units, i.e., fractions of Notes may not be
                    transferred; (ii) the transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by this Revenue Sharing
                    Agreement; (iii) the transferor shall provide the Company with an opinion of counsel,
                    satisfactory in form and substance to the Company's counsel, stating that the transfer is exempt
                    from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 and other applicable securities laws; and (iv)
                    the transferor and transferee shall together pay in advance for any reasonable expenses the
                    Company expects to incur in connection with the transfer, including attorneys' fees.

                    7.2. First Right of Refusal

                              7.2.1. In General

                              In the event a Holder (the "Selling Holder") desires to sell or otherwise transfer one or
                              more Notes (the "Transfer Notes") to a third party, he, she, or it shall notify the
                              Company, specifying the Note(s) to be transferred, the purchase price, the form of
                              consideration, and all other material terms, as well as a copy of the legally-binding, non-
                              contingent agreement setting forth such terms (the "Sales Notice"). Within thirty (30)
                              days a er receipt of the Sales Notice, the Company shall notify the Selling Holder
                              whether the Company or a person designated by the Company elects to purchase all (but
                              not less than all) of the Transfer Notes. If the Company has not elected to purchase all of
                              the Transfer Notes within the thirty (30) day period described above, the Selling Holder
                              may proceed with the sale to the proposed purchaser, subject to section 5.1. If the
                              Company does not elect to purchase the Transfer Notes within the thirty (30) day period
                              described above, and the Selling Holder and the purchaser subsequently agree to a
                              reduction of the purchase price, a change in the consideration from cash or readily
                              tradeable securities to deferred payment obligations or non-tradeable securities, or any
                              other material change to the terms set forth in the Sales Notice, such agreement between
                              the Selling Holder and the purchaser shall be treated as a new o er and shall again be
                              subject to this section.

                              7.2.2. Exception

                              This section 7.2 (the Company's rst right of refusal) will not apply to a transfer by a
                              Holder to or for the bene t of the Holder's spouse, child, or grandchild, or to a trust for
                              their exclusive bene t. However, the transferee must sign a document agreeing to be
                              bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Revenue Sharing Agreement, and the
                              transferee may not transfer the Note under this section 7.2.2.

           8. No Security Interest

           Holders shall have no security interest in any of the Company's assets or other collateral. Nothing in
           this Revenue Sharing Agreement or in the Notes, express or implied, shall be construed to constitute a
           security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, now in e ect or herea er
           enacted and made effective, in any jurisdiction.

           9. Subordination

           Each Note shall be subordinated to all indebtedness of the Company to banks, commercial nance
           lenders, leasing and equipment nancing institutions and/or other institutions regularly engaged in
           the business of lending money.

           10. Amendment

           Each Note and this Revenue Sharing Agreement may be amended with the written consent of (i) the

                                                                    15

  


           Company, and (ii) Holders who own more than y percent (50%) of all such Notes issued in the same
           offering.

           11. No Pre-Emptive Rights

           If the Company raises more capital following the o ering in which the Notes were issued, the
           Company might o er to Holders the opportunity to invest, but will not be required to do so. This
           means the Holders do not have "pre-emptive rights" to invest.

           12. Waivers

           The Company hereby waives presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest and
           notice of protest of this Note and all other notices in connection with delivery, acceptance,
           performance, default or enforcement of the payment of this Note. Liability hereunder shall be
           unconditional and shall not be a ected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal,
           waiver, or modification consented to by Holders.

           13. Defaults and Remedies

                    13.1 Events of Default

                    An "Event of Default" shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Revenue Sharing
                    Agreement if (and only if):

                              13.1.1. The Company fails to pay to a Holder any amount due and such failure continues
                              for thirty (30) days following written notice to the Company; or

                              13.1.2. The Company les (i) a voluntary petition in bankruptcy; or (ii) a petition or an
                              answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors, or to take advantage of
                              any insolvency, readjustment of loan, dissolution or liquidation law or statute; or (iii) an
                              answer admitting the material allegations of a petition led against the Company in any
                              proceeding under any such law; or

                              13.1.3. An order, judgment, or decree is entered, without the consent of the Company, by
                              any court of competent jurisdiction, appointing a receiver, trustee, or liquidator for the
                              Company, if such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in e ect for a
                              period of sixty (60) days; or

                              13.1.4. The Company is in default with respect to any other of its debt obligations; or

                              13.1.5. The Company becomes unable to pay its debts as they become due; or

                              13.1.6. The Company breaches any of its obligations under this Revenue Sharing
                              Agreement and such breach remains uncured for ninety (90) days following written
                              notice.

                    13.2 Force Majeure

                    An Event of Default shall not be deemed to have occurred as a result of a breach or failure by
                    the Company is such breach or failure is caused by Acts of God, government restrictions
                    (including the denial or cancellation of any export or other necessary license), wars,
                    insurrections and/or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Company; provided
                    that the Company shall give Holders written notice explaining the cause and its e ect in
                    reasonable detail. Dates by which performance obligations are scheduled to be met will be
                    extended for a period of time equal to the time lost due to any delay so caused.

                                                                    16

  


                    13.3. Consequences of Default

                              13.3.1. Notice

                              Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Company shall provide written notice to
                              all Holders (a "Notice of Default"). The Notice of Default shall (i) describe the
                              circumstances surrounding the Event of Default, (ii) reference the need for the Holders
                              to appoint a Representative pursuant to section 12.3.2 below, and (iii) be accompanied by
                              (A) a copy of this Revenue Sharing Agreement, and (B) a list of all of the Holders, the
                              email address of each Holder on le with the Company, and the original Principal
                              Amount with respect to each Holder's Note.

                              13.3.2. Appointment of Representative

                                       (a) Selection

                                                Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, a single representative shall
                                                be appointed to represent all of the Holders (the "Representative"). The
                                                Representative (i) may, but need not, be a Holder; (ii) shall not be a liated
                                                with or related to the Company; and (iii) shall be selected by the Holders as
                                                follows:

                                                   1. For a period of up to twenty (20) business days following the Notice of
                                                      Default, the Holders shall confer among themselves as to the
                                                      appointment of a Representative.

                                                   2. If at any time during such twenty (20) day period, the Holders of a
                                                      majority of the Notes, measured by the original Principal Amount of
                                                      each such Note (a "Majority"), agree as to the appointment of a
                                                      Representative, that person shall be the Representative.

                                                (3) If, at the conclusion of such twenty (20) day period, no Representative
                                                has been appointed by a Majority, each Holder shall submit the name of up
                                                to three (3) persons such Holder would accept as the Representative.

                                                (4) With each name appearing on any Holder's list there shall be
                                                associated a number equal to the total principal amount outstanding of all
                                                Notes held by Holders whose lists included such name.

                                                (5) The person whose name is associated with the largest number shall be
                                                appointed as the Representative.

                                       (b) Authority of Representative

                                       The Representative shall have the power, on behalf of each Holder, to pursue
                                       such remedies as may be available by law and pursuant to this Revenue Sharing
                                       Agreement, for the purpose of maximizing the return to the Holders as a group,
                                       and to settle the claims of each Holder on such terms as the Representative may
                                       determine in its sole and unlimited discretion, subject to the other provisions of
                                       this Revenue Sharing Agreement. The Representative may pursue such remedies
                                       notwithstanding that the Representative does not have physical possession of the
                                       Notes and without naming the Holders as parties.

                                       (c) Power of Attorney

                                                                    17

  


                                       Upon the appointment of a Representative, each Holder shall be deemed to have
                                       granted to the Representative a limited Power of Attorney for the purpose of
                                       carrying out such Representative's responsibilities under this Revenue Sharing
                                       Agreement. Each Holder shall, upon the request of the Representative, execute
                                       such additional documents and instruments as may be reasonably necessary to
                                       con rm such limited Power of Attorney and otherwise carry out the purposes of
                                       this Revenue Sharing Agreement.

                                       (d) No Separate Claims

                                       No Holder may bring any claim against the Company to enforce the payment
                                       obligation evidenced by a Note. All such claims may be brought only by the
                                       Representative, acting on behalf of, and in the name of, each Holder, in
                                       accordance with the provisions of this Revenue Sharing Agreement.

                                       (e) Release of Claims by Holders

                                       Each Holder hereby releases the Representative for all claims arising from the
                                       Representative's performance of its services pursuant to this Revenue Sharing
                                       Agreement, except and to the extent that a Holder can demonstrate by clear and
                                       convincing evidence that such act or omission constituted gross negligence or
                                       intentional misconduct.

                                       (f) Fees and Expenses of Representative

                                       The reasonable fees and costs of the Representative, including but not limited to
                                       reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be the obligation of the Company, and shall be
                                       added on to the amount otherwise payable with respect to the Notes, and no
                                       Holder shall be obligated to pay such fees or costs directly; provided, however,
                                       that following an Event of Default, any further payments made by the Company
                                       shall rst be used to pay the reasonable fees and costs of the Representative, and
                                       not to make any payments with respect to the Notes, and if any Holder shall
                                       receive any payment with respect to his, her, or its Note before all of the
                                       reasonable fees and costs of the Representative have been paid, such Holder shall
                                       promptly pay such amount to the Representative.

                                       (g) Resignation of Representative

                                       A Representative may resign at any time by giving notice to the Company and all
                                       of the Holders of the Notes at least thirty (30) days before such resignation is to
                                       become e ective. Upon the resignation of a Representative, a replacement shall
                                       be selected by the a rmative vote of Holders holding a majority of the Notes,
                                       measured by outstanding principal amount. If such Holders have not selected a
                                       replacement Representative within sixty (60) days following the e ective date of
                                       the resignation, then Portal may, at any time, by giving notice to the Company
                                       and all of the Holders, designate a replacement Representative who shall not be
                                       related to or affiliated with Portal or the Company.

                                       (h) Termination of Representative

                                       The services of a Representative may be terminated at any time by the a rmative
                                       vote of Holders holding a majority of the Notes, measured by the outstanding
                                       principal amount with respect to each such Note, but only if they simultaneously
                                       appoint a replacement Representative.

                                                                    18

  


                    13.4. Remedies

                    Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Holders shall be entitled to any remedy that
                    may be available by law and as set forth in the Note itself. However, the Representative shall
                    not, without the a rmative written consent of a Majority, exercise the remedy set forth in
                    section 6.2 of the Notes (an "Acceleration")

                    13.5. Payments Deemed Held in Trust

                    Any Holder who receives a payment on a Note while an Event of Default remains in e ect with
                    respect to such Note in excess of the amount such Holder should have received shall be deemed
                    to be holding such excess in trust for the bene t of other Holders and the Representative, and
                    shall return such excess on demand.

                    13.6. Forbearance Not a Waiver

                    If a Holder or the Representative delays in exercising or fails to exercise any of its rights under a
                    Note or this Revenue Sharing Agreement, that delay or failure shall not constitute a waiver of
                    any rights or of any breach or default. No waiver by a Holder or the Representative shall be
                    e ective unless the waiver is expressly stated in a writing signed by the Holder or the
                    Representative, as the case may be.

                    13.7. Termination of Default

                    An Event of Default shall be deemed to have been terminated upon the earliest to occur of:

                              13.7.1. The date the Representative and the Company enter into a settlement of all claims;
                              or

                              13.7.2. If an Acceleration has not been authorized by the Holders, the date the Company
                              has paid (i) to the Holders, all payments due through such date; and (ii) to the
                              Representative, all the fees and expenses described in section 12.3.2(f); or

                              13.7.3. If an Acceleration has been authorized by the Holders, the date the Company has
                              paid (i) to the Holders all payments due through such date; and (ii) to the
                              Representative, all the expenses described in section 12.3.2(f); but only if a Majority
                              agrees to annul the demand for Acceleration.

                    13.8 Waiver of Past Defaults

                    A Majority may, by notice to the Representative, waive an existing Event of Default and its
                    consequence. When an Event of Default is waived, it is deemed cured, but no such waiver shall
                    extend to any subsequent or other Event of Default or impair any consequent right.

           14. Miscellaneous

                    14.1. Electronic Delivery

                    All communications from the Company to Holders, including but not limited to all tax forms,
                    shall be via electronic delivery.

                    14.2. Notice

                    Any notice or document required or permitted to be given under this Revenue Sharing
                    Agreement may be given by a party or by its legal counsel and shall be deemed to be given on

                                                                    19

  


                    the date transmitted by overnight delivery service or by email with written con rmation of
                    receipt, to the address of the Company set forth in the Company's Form C, to the address of a
                    Holder provided by the Holder at the Site, or such other address as a party may designated by
                    notice complying with this section.

                    14.3. Payments
                    $OOSD\PHQWVRISULQFLSDODQGLQWHUHVWRQWKH1RWHVZLOOEHPDGHLQ86GROODUVLQVXFKPHWKRG
                    DVWKH&RPSDQ\PD\GHWHUPLQH7KH&RPSDQ\PD\XWLOL]HSHUVRQDOFKHFNVDQGRUWKLUGSDUW\
                    ILQDQFLDODSSOLFDWLRQV7KHVHVRXUFHVPD\VXEMHFWUHSD\PHQWVWRDGGLWLRQDOIHHVRUULVNVDQGZLOO
                    EHVXEMHFWWRDQ\DSSOLFDEOHWHUPVDQGFRQGLWLRQV

                    14.4. Governing Law
                    This Revenue Sharing Agreement and each Note shall be governed by the internal laws of
                    Massachusetts without giving e ect to the principles of con icts of laws. Each Holder hereby (i)
                    consents to the personal jurisdiction of the Massachusetts courts or the Federal courts locatedin
                    or most geographically convenient to Essex County, Massachusetts, (ii) agrees that all
                    disputes arising from this Agreement shall be prosecuted in such courts, (iii) agrees that any
                    such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over such Holder, (iv) consents to service of
                    process by notice sent by regular mail to the address used by the Holder to register at the Site
                    and/or by any means authorized by Massachusetts law, and (v) if such Holder is not otherwise
                    subject to service of process in Massachusetts, agrees to appoint and maintain an agent in
                    Massachusetts to accept service, and to notify the Company of the name and address of such
                    agent.

                    14.5. Titles and Captions
                    All article, section and paragraph titles and captions contained in this Revenue Sharing
                    Agreement (like "Titles and Captions" in this section) are for convenience only and are not
                    deemed a part of the context hereof.

                    14.6. Days
                    Unless speci ed otherwise, any period of days mandated under a Note or this Revenue Sharing
                    Agreement shall be determined by reference to calendar days, not business days, except that
                    any payments, notices, or other performance falling due on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal
                    government holiday shall be considered timely if paid, given, or performed on the next
                    succeeding business day.

                                                                    20
