OFFERING MEMORANDUM

                    facilitated by

                       1
Hattie's Coffee House

                                           FORM C

                          OFFERING MEMORANDUM

Purpose of This Form

     A company that wants to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding must give certain
     information to prospective investors, so investors will have a basis for making an informed
     decision. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, has issued regulations at 17 CFR
     §227.201 listing the information companies must provide. This form ­ Form C ­ is the form used to
     provide that information.

     Each heading below corresponds to a section of the SEC's regulations under 17 CFR §227.201.

(A) The Company

Name of Company                            Hattie's Coffee House
State of Organization                      IN
Date of Formation                          03/06/2023
Entity Type                                Limited Liability Company
Street Address                             607 S Main St, Whitestown IN, 46075
Website Address                            www.hattiescoffeehouse.com

(B) Directors and Officers of the Company

                                           2
Key Person                 Kirra Sutton

Position with the Company

                                 Title Owner
                           First Year 2023

Other business experience  Owner & Photographer (Kirra
(last three years)         Sue Photography, 2007 - Present) -- I
                           began Kirra Sue Photography in
                           2007 with a desire to connect and
                           create. I am so grateful for the
                           opportunities I've been given over
                           the years to step into some of life's
                           most sacred moments. From births
                           to weddings to pajama parties- I
                           love to capture it all. I'm a self-
                           taught, natural light photographer
                           and I appreciate capturing everyday
                           moments. I am inspired by genuine
                           and heartfelt connection and seek
                           to create a comfortable &
                           meaningful experience for my
                           clients.I'm a self-taught, natural
                           light photographer and I appreciate
                           capturing everyday moments. I am
                           inspired by genuine and heartfelt
                           connection and seek to create a
                           comfortable & meaningful
                           experience for my clients.

(C) Each Person Who Owns 20% or More of the Voting Power

            Name of        % of Voting Power
            Holder         (Prior to Offering)

            Kirra Sutton   100%

(D) The Company's Business and Business Plan

     607 SOUTH MAIN STREET

     A beautifully restored 1912 farmhouse is the setting for Hattie's. Set on 2 acres of land on Main St.
     this property boasts all kinds of potential for our customers and the community.

           Inside, the aesthetic will be bright and comfortable. With neutral tones, a combination of
           old and new furniture, mixed textiles and houseplants, the atmosphere will be both inviting
           and inspiring.
           Being located in a historic house allows us to have various nooks to create more private

                                                           3
      seating and meeting places.
      Upstairs we will have opportunities for customers to rent out the space for business
      meetings or working on site without any interruptions.
      We will be creating beautiful cut flower garden beds around the property so that we can have
      fresh flowers in the coffee shop and also sell bouquets to customers.
      We plan to have bees on the property (at a safe distance from the house) so that we can sell
      locally harvested honey to our customers and also use it in our custom- made syrups.
      We will have cafe lights outside with a porch swing, picnic tables, and lots of spaces to sit
      and relax and connect.

Opportunity

Whitestown, located just northwest of Indianapolis and immediately adjacent to I- 65, is the
second-fastest growing community in Indiana and has one of the highest median household
income levels in the state. Much of that rapid growth has come from commercial development
near the interstate, which threatens to overshadow Whitestown's rich history and sense of
community.

Rather than allow the town to lose its historic identity and become lost in a sea of development,
town leaders have prioritized building up the old downtown or "legacy core." Hattie's Co ee will
be an anchor in this e ort, located in the center of Whitestown and o ering an inviting place to
gather, strengthen friendships, and build community.

Solution

Hattie's will be a much-needed anchor for those who call Whitestown their home. It will be a
gathering place suitable for not only business professionals, but families and individuals as well.
Hattie's will be a place where connectivity and creativity are merged together over high quality
coffee and delicious local food offerings.

Located midway between extensive housing developments on the north and south sides of
Whitestown, Hattie's will tie together the whole community. Our co ee shop in one of the
historic homes on Main Street will provide residents a "third place" to congregate that has a local
identity instead of a nationwide one.

Why Us?

Our co ee is locally roasted, fresh, and much better than what is currently being o ered at these
chain co ee stores. Our baristas are committed to providing customers with the most excellent
cup of co ee and specialty drinks that people cannot get elsewhere. With locally sourced pastries
and café offerings we will be able to give a more diverse menu as well.

The Team

Kirra Sutton, Owner

Kirra has spent the past 10 years building a wedding and lifestyle photography business alongside
building a family with her husband. They have three awesome kids and have lived in the suburbs
of Indianapolis for the past 8 years where they've come to appreciate hoosier hospitality and
small town charm.

Hattie's will be her rst venture into the brick and mortar world but she is not new to running a
business, working behind a co ee bar, or management. She's so excited to learn your order and

                                                      4
     welcome you into the Hattie's family.

     For more information, please refer to the Page View included with this filing.

(E) Number of Employees

     The Company currently has 1 employees. The Company may hire or discharge employees in the
     future to meet its objectives.

(F) Risks of Investing

     A crowdfunding investment involves risk. YOU SHOULD NOT INVEST ANY FUNDS IN THIS
    OFFERING UNLESS YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. In
     making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and
     the terms of the o ering, including the merits and risks involved. Please review the Educational
     Materials for risks that are common to many of the companies on the MainVest platform.

     THESE SECURITIES ARE OFFERED UNDER AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
     FEDERAL LAW. THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") HAS NOT
     MADE AN INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION THAT THESE SECURITIES ARE EXEMPT FROM
     REGISTRATION. THE SEC HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE MERITS OF THE SECURITIES OR THE
     TERMS OF THE OFFERING, AND HAS NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF
     THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS OR LITERATURE.

     THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED OR APPROVED BY ANY FEDERAL OR
     STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THESE
     AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT.

     Please refer to Appendix A for additional risks to consider when investing in this offering.

(G) Target Offering Amount and Offering Deadline

Target Offering Amount                            $30,000
Offering Deadline                                 January 23, 2023

     If the sum of the investment commitments does not equal or exceed the Target O ering Amount
     as of the O ering Deadline, no securities will be sold in the o ering, investment commitments
     will be canceled, and all committed funds will be returned. The Company may extend the O ering
     Deadline and shall treat such an extension as a material change to the original o er and provide
     Investors with notice and opportunity to recon rm their investment in accordance with Section
     (K) of this Memorandum.

(H) Commitments that Exceed the Target Offering Amount

Will the Company accept commitments that          Yes
exceed the Target Offering Amount?
                                                  $60,000
What is the maximum you will accept in this
Offering?                                         We will accept subscriptions on
                                                  a first-come, first-served basis.
If Yes, how will the Company deal with the
oversubscriptions?

                                               5
(I) How the Company Intends to Use the Money Raised in the Offering
     The Company is reasonably sure it will use the money raised in the offering as follows:

Use                    Amount     Amount
                       (Minimum)  (Maximum)
Equipment              $20,000    $40,000
Space Buildout         $4,975     $9,950
Signs at the front     $2,000     $4,000
Parking Lot signage    $1,000     $2,000
Mainvest Compensation  $2,025     $4,050
TOTAL                  $30,000    $60,000

     The amounts listed estimates and are not intended to be exact description of the Company's
     expenditures. Exact allocation and use of funds may vary based upon legitimate business
     expenditures and economic factors.

(J) The Investment Process

     To Invest

           Review this Form C and the Campaign Page
           If you decide to invest, enter an amount and press the Invest button
           Follow the instructions

     TO CANCEL YOUR INVESTMENT

     Send an email to info@mainvest.com no later than 48 hours before the Offering Deadline or go to
     the dashboard for your user account to cancel manually. In your email, include your name and
     the name of the Company.

     Other Information on the Investment Process

           Investors may cancel an investment commitment until 48 hours prior to the O ering
           Deadline.
           MainVest will notify investors when and if the Target Offering Amount has been raised.
           If the Company reaches the Target O ering Amount before the O ering Deadline, it may
           close the o ering early if it provides notice about the new O ering Deadline at least ve
           business days before such new O ering Deadline, absent a material change that would
           require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment commitment.
           If an investor does not cancel an investment commitment before the 48-hour period before
           the O ering Deadline, the funds will be released to the Company upon closing of the
           offering and the investor will receive securities in exchange for his or her investment.

     For additional information about the investment and cancellation process, see the Educational
     Materials.

(K) Material Changes

                                                           6
     In the event the issuer undergoes a material change, the Investor will be noti ed of such change.
     The investor will have ve (5) business days from the receipt of such notice to recon rm their
     investment. IF AN INVESTOR DOES NOT RECONFIRM HIS OR HER INVESTMENT COMMITMENT
     WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS OF THE NOTICE OF MATERIAL CHANGE BEING SENT, THE INVESTOR'S
     INVESTMENT COMMITMENT WILL BE CANCELLED, THE COMMITTED FUNDS WILL BE RETURNED,
     AND THE INVESTOR WILL NOT BE ISSUED ANY OF THE SECURITIES REFERENCED IN THIS
     OFFERING.
     Explanation
     A "material change" means a change that an average, careful investor would want to know about
     before making an investment decision. If a material change occurs a er you make an investment
     commitment but before the O ering closes, then the Company will notify you and ask whether
     you want to invest anyway. If you do not a rmatively choose to invest, then your commitment
     will be cancelled, your funds will be returned to you, and you will not receive any securities.
(L) Price of the Securities
     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     "Notes." The Notes are being o ered at their face amount. For example, you will pay $1,000 for a
     Note with a face amount of $1,000.

                                                           7
(M) Terms of the Securities

     Overview

     The Company is o ering "securities" in the form of revenue sharing notes, which we refer to as
     the "Notes." The Terms of the Notes are set forth in the Revenue Share Agreement accompanying
     this Form C in Appendix A. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are attached to
     this Form C.

     Summary of Terms

                                1                             2

Revenue Percentage                             3.0 - 6.0%

Payment Deadline                               2028-12-31

                                            3  1.6 x
                                               1.4 x
Maximum Payment Multiple
        - Early Investors

     - All Other Investors

Sharing Start Date                             The first day after disbursement that the company
                                                    has revenues greater than one ($1) dollar

First Payment Date                             The last day of the calendar quarter ending not
                                                less than 90 days after the Sharing Start Date

Seniority                                      Subordinated

Securitization                                 Unsecured

Accrual Rate                                   %

1 as defined in the note agreement included in Appendix A
2 The rate of revenue sharing is calculated on a linear scale with a minimum rate of 3.0% and a maximum rate of 6.0% and is
rounded to the nearest 1/10th percent. The nal rate is based on the amount raised and is calculated a er the o ering has
successfully closed. As the amount raised in the o ering increases, the rate of revenue sharing increases. For example, a
hypothetical offering could result in the following revenue sharing percentages, depending on the amount raised:

Amount Raised                                  Revenue Sharing Percentage
    $30,000                                                   3.0%
    $37,500                                                   3.8%
    $45,000                                                   4.5%
     $52,500                                                  5.2%
    $60,000                                                   6.0%

3 To reward early participation, the investors who contribute the rst $20,000.0 raised in the o ering will receive a 1.6x cap.
Investors who contribute after $20,000.0 has been raised in the offering will receive a 1.4x cap.

Your Right to Payments under the Note

Your right to payments under the Note is set forth in the Note, together with a separate document

                                                      8
called the Revenue Sharing Agreement. Copies of the Note and Revenue Sharing Agreement are
attached to this Form C. Additionally, general terms are outlined below and in the Company's
offering page.

Obligation to Contribute Capital

Once you pay for your Note, you will have no obligation to contribute more money to the
Company, and you will not be personally obligated for any debts of the Company. However,
under some circumstances you could be required by law to return some or all of a distribution you
receive from the Company.

No Right to Transfer

You should plan to hold the Notes until maturity. The Notes will be illiquid (meaning you might
not be able to sell them) for at least four reasons:

      The Revenue Sharing Agreement prohibits the sale or other transfer of Notes without the
      Company's consent.
      If you want to sell your Note the Company will have the rst right of refusal to buy it, which
      could make it harder to find a buyer.
      Even if a sale were permitted, there is no ready market for Notes, as there would be for a
      publicly-traded stock.
      By law, for a period of one year you won't be allowed to transfer the Investor Shares except
      (i) to the Company itself, (ii) to an "accredited" investor, (iii) to a family or trust, or (iii) in a
      public offering of the Company's shares.

Security

The Notes are not secured by any assets of the Company or any assets of persons associated with
the Company.

Modification of Terms of Notes

The terms of the Notes and the Revenue Sharing Agreement may be modi ed or amended with
the consent of Investors holding 50% of the Notes, measured by the total amount outstanding
under each Note.

Other Classes of Securities

Name of Security                           Limited Liability Company Interests

Number of Shares Outstanding               N/A

Describe Voting Rights of These            N/A

Securities, Including Any Limitations on

Voting Rights

How these securities differ from the       Limited Liability Company Interests are
revenue sharing notes being offered to     an equity interest, whereas Revenue
investors                                  Sharing Notes are a debt obligation of
                                           the Company.

                                        9
Dilution of Rights

The Company has the right to create additional classes of securities, both equity securities and
debt securities (e.g., other classes of promissory notes). Some of these additional classes of
securities could have rights that are superior to those of the Notes. For example, the Company
could issue promissory notes that are secured by specific property of the Company.

The People Who Control the Company

Each of these people owns 20% or more of the total voting power of the Company:

Name of       % of Voting Power
Holder        (Prior to Offering)

Kirra Sutton  100%

     How the Exercise of Voting Rights Could Affect You

     You will receive payments with respect to your Note only if the Company makes enough money to
     pay you, or, if the Company does not make enough money to pay you, if there is enough value in
     the collateral the Company pledged as security for the Notes.

     The people with voting rights control the Company and make all the decisions about running its
     business. If they make good business decisions, it is more likely you will be paid. If they make
     poor business decisions, it is less likely you will be paid. For example, if they hire too many
     people and/or try to expand too quickly, the business could be harmed. The people with voting
     rights could also decide to le for bankruptcy protection, making it more di cult for you to be
     paid.

     How the Notes are Being Valued

     The Notes are being valued at their face value. We don't anticipate that we'll ever need to place a
     value on the Notes in the future.

(N) The Funding Portal

     The Company is o ering its securities through MainVest, Inc., which is a "Funding Portal"
     licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and FINRA. MainVest Inc.'s Central Index
     Key (CIK) number is 0001746059, their SEC File number is 007-00162, and their Central
     Registration Depository (CRD) number is 298384.

(O) Compensation of the Funding Portal

     Upon successful funding of the O ering, the Funding Portal will receive as the "Revenue
     Securement Fee"; 4.5% of the amount of the O ering raised by In-Network Users of the Platform
     plus 9.0% of the amount of the O ering raised by all other investors. "In-Network Users" means
     a user of Mainvest.com who who have utilized the Company's speci ed in-network link on the
     Site.

(P) Indebtedness of the Company

     The Company has no indebtedness outside of the debt the Company is expecting to raise through
     regulation crowdfunding on MainVest.

                                                          10
(Q) Other Offerings of Securities within the Last Three Years
     The Company has not made any o erings with other third-party regulation crowdfunding
     companies in the past three years.

(R) Transactions Between the Company and "Insiders"
     The Company has not entered into any business transactions, including stock Purchases,
     salaries, property rentals, consulting arrangements, guaranties, or other agreements with any
     individual identified in Section 227.201 (r)(1)-(4) of Regulation Crowdfunding during the 12 months
     preceding this Offering.

(S) The Company's Financial Condition
     No operating history
     Hattie's Co ee House was established in [Month, Year]. Accordingly, there are limited nancial
     statements and information for investors to review. When evaluating this investment
     opportunity, investors should consider factors outlined in the risk section as well.

(T) The Company's Financial Statements
     Please see Appendix B for historical financial statements.
     Pro Forma Income Statement
     In order to illustrate its future earning potential, the Company has provided a summary of its -
     year nancial forecast. The forecast has been developed by the Company using reasonable best
     e orts based on their understanding of the industry and market they wish to enter. Please refer
     to Section (F) of this O ering Memorandum for a list of the risks associated with an investment in
     the Company and utilizing any pro forma provided by the Company for making investment
     decisions.

                                                          11
                    Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5

Gross Sales         $271,310 $297,700 $308,120 $318,905 $330,067

Cost of Goods Sold  $103,935 $110,970 $113,855 $116,000 $119,000

Gross Profit        $167,375 $186,730 $194,265 $202,905 $211,067

EXPENSES

Rent                $48,000 $48,000 $48,000 $48,000 $48,000

Salaries & Wages    $34,224 $35,592 $37,018 $37,018 $37,018

Employee Related Expenses $4,243 $4,349 $4,457 $4,568 $4,682

Insurance           $7,200 $7,200 $7,200 $7,200 $7,200

Professional Fees   $14,400 $14,400 $14,400 $14,400 $14,400

Quickbooks License  $1,500 $1,500 $1,500 $1,500 $1,500

MailChimp Standard  $240 $240       $240  $240  $240

SquareSpace Subscription $324 $324  $324  $324  $324

Operating Profit    $57,244 $75,125 $81,126 $89,655 $97,703

(U) Disqualification Events

     Neither The Company nor any individual identi ed by Section 227.503(a) of Regulation
     Crowdfunding is the subject of a disqualifying event as de ned by Section 227.503 of Regulation
     Crowdfunding.

     Explanation

     A company is not allowed to raise money using Regulation Crowdfunding if certain designated
     people associated with the Company (including its directors or executive o cers) committed
     certain prohibited acts (mainly concerned with violations of the securities laws) on or a er May
     16, 2016. (You can read more about these rules in the Educational Materials.) This item requires a
     company to disclose whether any of those designated people committed any of those prohibited
     acts before May 16, 2016.

(V) Updates on the Progress of the Offering

     To track the investment commitments we've received in this O ering, click to see the Progress
     Bar.

(W) Annual Reports for the Company

     The Company will le a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission annually and post
     the report on our website no later than 120 days a er the end of each scal year. It's possible that
     at some point, the Company will not be required to le any more annual reports. We will notify
     you if that happens.

                                                          12
(X) Our Compliance with Reporting Obligations

     The Company has never raised money using Regulation Crowdfunding before, and therefore has
     never been required to file any reports.

(Y) Other Information Prospective Investors Should Know About

     The Issuer may o er "Perks" as a means of showing appreciation to investors for supporting
     small community businesses. The o ering of "Perks" by issuers is done purely on a voluntary
     basis and have no in uence upon the terms of the O ering. As such, Investor "Perks" are not
     contractual conditions governed by "the Note" and are not enforceable under "the Note".

     Additional Information Included in the Form C

                         Most recent fiscal year- Prior fiscal year-end

                         end (tax returns)  (tax returns)

Total Assets             $0                 $0
Cash & Cash Equivalents
Accounts Receivable      $0                 $0
Short-term Debt
Long-term Debt           $0                 $0
Revenues/Sales
Cost of Goods Sold       $0                 $0
Taxes Paid
Net Income               $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

                         $0                 $0

Jurisdictions in which the Company intends to offer the securities:

AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS,
MO, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV,
WI, WY, B5, GU, PR, VI, 1V

                             13
