  



                                                                           UNITED STATES
                                                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                                                                       Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                                                 FORM C

                                                           UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                (Mark one.)
                 Form C: Offering Statement
                 Form C-U: Progress Update
                 Form C/A: Amendment to Offering Statement

                       Check box if Amendment is material and investors must reconfirm within five business days.
                 Form C-AR: Annual Report
                 Form C-AR/A: Amendment to Annual Report
                 Form C-TR: Termination of Reporting
                Name of Issuer:
                MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
                Legal status of Issuer:

                           Form:
                           Corporation
                           Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization:
                           Delaware
                           Date of Organization:
                           March 19, 2018
                Physical Address of Issuer:
                81 Washington Street, Suite 201, Salem MA, 01970
                Website of Issuer:
                Mainvest.com
                Is there a co-issuer? ___ yes _X_ no.
                Name of Intermediary through which the Offering will be Conducted:
                OpenDeal Portal LLC dba Republic
                CIK Number of Intermediary:
                0001751525
                SEC File Number of Intermediary:
                007-00167
  



                CRD Number of Intermediary:

                283874

                Amount of compensation to be paid to the intermediary, whether as a dollar amount or a percentage of the
                offering amount, or a good faith estimate if the exact amount is not available at the time of the filing, for
                conducting the offering, including the amount of referral and any other fees associated with the offering:

                At the conclusion of the offering, the issuer shall pay a fee of two percent (2%) of the amount raised in the offering
                to the Intermediary.

                Any other direct or indirect interest in the issuer held by the intermediary, or any arrangement for the
                intermediary to acquire such an interest:

                The Intermediary will also receive compensation in the form of securities equal to one percent (1%) of the total
                number of the securities sold in the offering.

                Type of Security Offered:

                Crowd SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity)

                Target Number of Securities to be Offered:

                25,000

                Price (or Method for Determining Price):

                $1.00

                Target Offering Amount:

                $25,000

                Oversubscriptions Accepted:
                 Yes
                 No

                Oversubscriptions will be Allocated:
                 Pro-rata basis
                 First-come, first-served basis
                 Other: At the Intermediary's discretion

                Maximum offering amount (if different from Target Offering Amount):

                $1,235,000

                Deadline to reach the Target Offering Amount:

                January 2, 2023

                If the sum of the investment commitments does not equal or exceed the target offering amount at the deadline
                to reach the target offering amount, no Securities will be sold in the offering, investment commitments will be
                canceled and committed funds will be returned.

                Current Number of Employees:

                8
  

                                                                                            Prior fiscal year-end
                                                                                                           (2021)
                                                                     Most recent fiscal year-end
                                                                                  (2022) *

Total Assets             $419,782                                                                 $1,831,973

Cash & Cash Equivalents  $353,205                                                                 $1,789,235

Accounts Receivable      $42,336                                                                  $23,154

Short-term Debt          $85,519                                                                  $45,851

Long-term Debt           $9,543                                                                   $94,543

Revenues/Sales           $497,978                                                                 $367,805

Cost of Goods Sold**     $381,185                                                                 $350,496

Taxes Paid               $0                                                                       $0

Net Income               $(2,081,237)                                                             $(2,541,662)

*Company Fiscal Year End Date is June 30, above information corresponds with mid-year FYE.

**Cost of Goods Sold is represented as "Cost of Revenues" in the reviewed Financial Statement appended to this
offering.

The jurisdictions in which the issuer intends to offer the securities:

Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District Of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Puerto
Rico, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virgin Islands, U.S., Virginia,
Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, American Samoa, and Northern Mariana Islands
  



                                                                 MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.

                A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this Offering unless you can
                afford to lose your entire investment.

                In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Company and the
                terms of the Offering, including the merits and risks involved. These Securities have not been recommended
                or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these
                authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document.

                The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any Securities offered or the
                terms of the Offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any Offering document or
                literature.

                These Securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and
                Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these Securities are exempt from
                registration.

                THESE SECURITIES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK THAT MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR ALL
                INVESTORS. THERE ARE ALSO SIGNIFICANT UNCERTAINTIES ASSOCIATED WITH AN INVESTMENT
                IN THIS OFFERING AND THE SECURITIES. THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY ARE NOT PUBLICLY
                TRADED. THERE IS NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES AND ONE MAY NEVER DEVELOP. AN
                INVESTMENT IN THIS OFFERING IS HIGHLY SPECULATIVE. THE SECURITIES SHOULD NOT BE
                PURCHASED BY ANYONE WHO CANNOT BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISK OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR
                AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME AND WHO CANNOT AFFORD THE LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE
                INVESTMENT. SEE THE SECTION OF THIS FORM C TITLED "RISK FACTORS".

                THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY WILL HAVE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. NO SECURITIES MAY
                BE PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED, RESOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF BY ANY INVESTOR EXCEPT
                PURSUANT TO RULE 501 OF REGULATION CF. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT
                THEY WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN
                INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE SECURITIES MAY HAVE FURTHER TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
                NOT PROVIDED FOR BY FEDERAL, STATE OR FOREIGN LAW.

                NO ONE SHOULD CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS FORM C AS LEGAL, ACCOUNTING OR TAX
                ADVICE OR AS INFORMATION NECESSARILY APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR FINANCIAL
                SITUATION. EACH INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN FINANCIAL ADVISER, COUNSEL AND
                ACCOUNTANT AS TO LEGAL, TAX AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THEIR INVESTMENT.

                THIS OFFERING IS ONLY EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES
                AND ITS TERRITORIES. NO OFFER IS BEING MADE IN ANY JURISDICTION NOT LISTED ABOVE.
                PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE PERMISSIBILITY OF
                THEIR PARTICIPATING IN THIS OFFERING, INCLUDING OBSERVING ANY OTHER REQUIRED LEGAL
                FORMALITIES AND SEEKING CONSENT FROM THEIR LOCAL REGULATOR, IF NECESSARY. THE
                INTERMEDIARY FACILITATING THIS OFFERING IS LICENSED AND REGISTERED SOLELY IN THE
                UNITED STATES AND HAS NOT SECURED, AND HAS NOT SOUGHT TO SECURE, A LICENSE OR
                WAIVER OF THE NEED FOR SUCH LICENSE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE COMPANY, THE
                ESCROW AGENT AND THE INTERMEDIARY, EACH RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REJECT ANY
                INVESTMENT COMMITMENT MADE BY ANY PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, WHETHER FOREIGN OR
                DOMESTIC.
  



                                                        SPECIAL NOTICE TO FOREIGN INVESTORS

                INVESTORS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, TAKE NOTICE IT IS EACH INVESTOR'S
                RESPONSIBILITY TO FULLY OBSERVE THE LAWS OF ANY RELEVANT TERRITORY OR JURISDICTION
                OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES,
                INCLUDING OBTAINING REQUIRED GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER CONSENTS OR OBSERVING ANY
                OTHER REQUIRED LEGAL OR OTHER FORMALITIES. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DENY THE
                PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES BY ANY FOREIGN INVESTOR.

                                                        NOTICE REGARDING THE ESCROW AGENT

                THE ESCROW AGENT SERVICING THE OFFERING, HAS NOT INVESTIGATED THE DESIRABILITY OR
                ADVISABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT IN THIS OFFERING OR THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREIN. THE
                ESCROW AGENT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, ENDORSEMENTS, OR JUDGMENT
                ON THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREIN. THE ESCROW AGENT'S
                CONNECTION TO THE OFFERING IS SOLELY FOR THE LIMITED PURPOSES OF ACTING AS A
                SERVICE PROVIDER.
  



                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

ABOUT THIS FORM C                                              i

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS          i

THE OFFERING AND THE SECURITIES                                1

The Offering                                                   1

The Deal Page                                                  1

The Securities                                                 2

COMMISSION AND FEES                                            6

Other Compensation                                             6

RISK FACTORS                                                   6

Risks Related to the Company's Business and Industry           6

Risks Related to the Offering                                  9

Risks Related to the Securities                                11

Description of the Business                                    14

Business Plan                                                  14

The Company's Products and/or Services                         14

Competition                                                    14

Customer Base                                                  15

Intellectual Property                                          15

Governmental/Regulatory Approval and Compliance                15

Litigation                                                     15

USE OF PROCEEDS                                                15

DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MANAGERS, AND KEY PERSONS                 15

Biographical Information                                       16

Indemnification                                                16

CAPITALIZATION, DEBT AND OWNERSHIP                             16

Capitalization                                                 16

Outstanding Debt                                               17

Ownership                                                      18

FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                          18

Cash and Cash Equivalents                                      18

Liquidity and Capital Resources                                18

Capital Expenditures and Other Obligations                     18

Valuation                                                      18

Material Changes and Other Information                         18

Previous Offerings of Securities                               19

TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST    19

TAX MATTERS                                                    19

LEGAL MATTERS                                                  20

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                                         21
  



                                                                       ABOUT THIS FORM C

                You should rely only on the information contained in this Form C. We have not authorized anyone to provide any
                information or make any representations other than those contained in this Form C, and no source other than
                OpenDeal Portal LLC dba Republic (the "Intermediary") has been authorized to host this Form C and the Offering.
                If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not offering to
                sell, nor seeking offers to buy, the Securities (as defined below) in any jurisdiction where such offers and sales are
                not permitted. The information contained in this Form C and any documents incorporated by reference herein is
                accurate only as of the date of those respective documents, regardless of the time of delivery of this Form C or the
                time of issuance or sale of any Securities.

                Statements contained herein as to the content of any agreements or other documents are summaries and, therefore,
                are necessarily selective and incomplete and are qualified in their entirety by the actual agreements or other
                documents. Prior to the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities, the Company will afford
                prospective Investors (defined below) an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the Company
                and its management concerning the terms and conditions of this Offering and the Company. Potential purchasers of
                the Securities are referred to herein as "Investors" or "you".

                In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of the Company and the terms of the
                Offering, including the merits and risks involved. The statements of the Company contained herein are based on
                information believed to be reliable; however, no warranty can be made as to the accuracy of such information or that
                circumstances have not changed since the date of this Form C. For example, our business, financial condition,
                results of operations, and prospects may have changed since the date of this Form C. The Company does not expect
                to update or otherwise revise this Form C or any other materials supplied herewith.

                This Form C is submitted in connection with the Offering described herein and may not be reproduced or used for
                any other purpose.

                                   CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

                This Form C and any documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements and are
                subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact or relating to present facts or
                current conditions included in this Form C are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our
                current reasonable expectations and projections regarding our financial condition, results of operations, plans,
                objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do
                not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as "anticipate," "estimate,"
                "expect," "project," "plan," "intend," "believe," "may," "should," "can have," "likely" and other words and terms of
                similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial
                performance or other events.

                The forward-looking statements contained in this Form C and any documents incorporated by reference herein are
                based on reasonable assumptions we have made in light of our industry experience, perceptions of historical trends,
                current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate under the
                circumstances. As you read and consider this Form C, you should understand that these statements are not
                guarantees of performance or results. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based on
                reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual operating and financial
                performance and cause our performance to differ materially from the performance anticipated in the forward-looking
                statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of these assumptions prove
                incorrect or change, our actual operating and financial performance may vary in material respects from the
                performance projected in these forward-looking statements.

                Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking
                statements made in this Form C or any documents incorporated by reference herein is accurate only as of the date of
                those respective documents. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any
                forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Form C or to conform these statements to actual
                results or to changes in our expectation
  



                                                           THE OFFERING AND THE SECURITIES

                The Offering

                The Company is offering a minimum amount of $25,000 (the "Target Offering Amount") and up to a maximum
                amount of $1,235,000 (the "Maximum Offering Amount") of Crowd SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity)
                (the "Securities") on a best efforts basis as described in this Form C (this "Offering"). The Minimum Individual
                Subscription Amount is $500 and the Maximum Individual Subscription Amount is $250,000. The Company
                reserves the right to amend the Minimum Individual Subscription Amount and Maximum Individual Subscription
                Amount, in its sole discretion. In particular, the Company may elect to participate in one of the Intermediary's
                special investment programs and may offer alternative Minimum Individual Subscription Amounts and Maximum
                Individual Subscription Amounts to Investors participating in such programs without notice. The Company must
                raise an amount equal to or greater than the Target Offering Amount by January 2, 2023 (the "Offering Deadline").
                Unless the Company receives investment commitments, which are fully paid for and meet all other requirements set
                by this Offering, in an amount not less than the Target Offering Amount by the Offering Deadline, no Securities will
                be sold in this Offering, all investment commitments will be canceled and all committed funds will be returned.

                The price of the Securities was determined arbitrarily, does not necessarily bear any relationship to the Company's
                asset value, net worth, revenues or other objective established criteria of value, and should not be considered
                indicative of the actual value of the Securities.

                In order to purchase the Securities, you must make a commitment to purchase by completing the subscription
                process hosted by the Intermediary (as defined above), including complying with the Intermediary's know your
                customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) policies. If an Investor makes an investment commitment
                under a name that is not their legal name, they may be unable to redeem their Security indefinitely, and
                neither the Intermediary nor the Company are required to correct any errors or omissions made by the
                Investor.

                Investor funds will be held in escrow with a qualified third party escrow agent meeting the requirements of
                Regulation CF ("Escrow Agent") until the Target Offering Amount has been met or exceeded and one or more
                closings occur. Investors may cancel an investment commitment until up to 48 hours prior to the Offering Deadline
                or an intermediate close, using the cancellation mechanism provided by the Intermediary. Investors using a credit
                card to invest must represent and warrant to cancel any investment commitment(s) by submitting a request
                through the Intermediary at least 48 hours prior to the Offering Deadline, instead of attempting to claim
                fraud or claw back their committed funds. If the investor does not cancel an investment commitment before
                the 48-hour period prior to the Offering Deadline, the funds will be released to the Issuer and the investor will
                receive their Securities.

                The Company will notify Investors when the Target Offering Amount has been reached through the Intermediary. If
                the Company reaches the Target Offering Amount prior to the Offering Deadline, it may close the Offering early
                provided (i) the expedited Offering Deadline must be twenty-one (21) days from the time the Offering was opened,
                (ii) the Intermediary must provide at least five (5) business days' notice prior to the expedited Offering Deadline to
                the Investors and (iii) the Company continues to meet or exceed the Target Offering Amount on the date of the
                expedited Offering Deadline.

                The Deal Page

                A description of our products, services and business plan can be found on the Company's profile page on the
                Intermediary's website under https://republic.com/mainvest (the "Deal Page"). The Deal Page can be used by
                prospective Investors to ask the Company questions and for the Company to post immaterial updates to this Form C
                as well as make general announcements. You should view the Deal Page at the time you consider making an
                investment commitment. Updates on the status of this Offering can also be found on the Deal Page.

                Material Changes

                If any material change occurs related to the Offering prior to the current Offering Deadline the Company will
                provide notice to Investors and receive reconfirmations from Investors who have already made commitments. If an
                Investor does not reconfirm their investment commitment after a material change is made to the terms of the

                                                                                      1
  



                Offering within five (5) business days of receiving notice, the Investor's investment commitment will be canceled
                and the committed funds will be returned without interest or deductions.

                Intermediate Closings

                In the event an amount equal to two (2) times the Target Offering Amount is committed and meets all required terms
                of the Offering prior to the Offering Deadline on such date or such later time the Company designates pursuant to
                Rule 304(b) of Regulation CF, the Company may conduct the first of multiple closings of the Offering early,
                provided (i) the early closing date must be twenty-one (21) days from the time the Offering opened and (ii) that all
                Investors will receive notice of such early closing date at least five (5) business days prior to such new offering
                deadline (absent a material change that would require an extension of the Offering and reconfirmation of all
                investment commitments). Investors who committed on the date such notice is provided or prior to the issuance of
                such notice will be able to cancel their investment commitment until 48 hours before such early closing date.

                If the Company conducts an initial closing (the "Initial Closing"), the Company agrees to only withdraw seventy
                percent (70%) of the proceeds that are in escrow and will only conduct such Initial Closing if there are more than
                twenty-one (21) days remaining before the Offering Deadline as of the date of the Initial Closing. The Company
                may only conduct another close (a "Subsequent Closing") before the Offering Deadline if the amount of investment
                commitments made as of the date of such Subsequent Closing exceeds two times the Target Offering Amount as of
                the date of the Initial Closing and there are more than twenty-one (21) days remaining before the Offering Deadline
                as of the date of such Subsequent Closing.

                Any investment commitments received after an intermediate closing will be released to the Company upon a
                subsequent closing and the Investor will receive evidence of the Securities via electronic certificate/PDF in
                exchange for their investment commitment as soon as practicable thereafter.

                The Company has agreed to return all funds to Investors in the event a Form C-W is ultimately filed in relation to
                this Offering, regardless of whether multiple closings are conducted.

                Investment commitments are not binding on the Company until they are accepted by the Company, which reserves
                the right to reject, in whole or in part, in its sole and absolute discretion, any investment commitment. If the
                Company rejects all or a portion of any investment commitment, the applicable prospective Investor's funds will be
                returned without interest or deduction.

                The Securities

                We request that you please review this Form C and the Instrument attached as Exhibit B, in conjunction with the
                following summary information.

                Transfer Agent and Registrar

                The Company will act as transfer agent and registrar for the Securities.

                Not Currently Equity Interests

                The Securities are not currently equity interests in the Company and merely provide a right to receive equity at some
                point in the future upon the occurrence of certain events (which may or may not occur).

                Dividends and/or Distributions

                The Securities do not entitle Investors to any dividends.

                Nominee

                The Nominee (as defined below) will act on behalf of the Investors as their agent and proxy in all respects. The
                Nominee will be entitled, among other things, to exercise any voting rights (if any) conferred upon the holder of
                Securities or any securities acquired upon their conversion, to execute on behalf of an investor all transaction
                documents related to the transaction or other corporate event causing the conversion of the Securities, and as part of
                the conversion process the Nominee has the authority to open an account in the name of a qualified custodian, of the
                Nominee's sole discretion, to take custody of any securities acquired upon conversion of the Securities. The
                Nominee will take direction from a pre-disclosed party selected by the Company and designated below on any
  



                matter in which affects the Investors' economic rights. The Nominee is not a fiduciary to the Investors and the
                Investors agree to indemnify the Nominee per the terms of the Security.

                Conversion

                Upon the next sale (or series of related sales) by the Company of its Capital Stock to one or more third parties
                resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of not less than $1,000,000 cash and cash equivalent (each an "Equity
                Financing"), the Securities are convertible into shares of the securities issued in said Equity Financing, at the option
                of the Company.

                Conversion Upon the First Equity Financing

                If the Company elects to convert the Securities upon the first Equity Financing following the issuance of the
                Securities, the Investor will receive the number of securities equal to the greater of the quotient obtained by dividing
                the amount the Investor paid for the Securities (the "Subscription Amount") by (a) or (b) immediately below:

                (a) the quotient of $15,000,000 ("Valuation Cap") divided by the aggregate number of issued and outstanding
                shares of capital stock, assuming full conversion or exercise of all convertible and exercisable securities then
                outstanding, including shares of convertible preferred stock and all outstanding vested or unvested options or
                warrants to purchase capital stock, but excluding (i) shares of capital stock reserved for future issuance under any
                equity incentive or similar plan, (ii) convertible promissory notes, (iii) any Simple Agreements for Future Equity,
                including the Securities (collectively, "SAFEs"), and (iv) any equity securities that are issuable upon conversion of
                any outstanding convertible promissory notes or SAFEs;

                OR

                (b) if the pre-money valuation of the Company immediately prior to the First Equity Financing is less than or equal
                to the Valuation Cap, the lowest price per share of the securities sold in such Equity Financing.

                Such conversion price shall be deemed the "First Equity Financing Price".

                Conversion After the First Equity Financing

                If the Company elects to convert the Securities upon an Equity Financing other than the first Equity Financing
                following the issuance of the Securities, at the Nominee's discretion the Investor will receive, the number of
                converted securities equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Subscription Amount by (b) the First Equity
                Financing Price.

                Conversion Upon a Liquidity Event Prior to an Equity Financing

                In the case of the Company's undergoing an IPO (as defined below) of its Capital Stock (as defined in the Security)
                or a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company (either of these events, a "Liquidity Event") prior to
                any Equity Financing, the Investor will receive, at the option of the Nominee and within thirty (30) days of receiving
                notice (whether actual or constructive), either (i) a cash payment equal to the Subscription Amount subject to the
                following paragraph (the "Cash Out Option") or (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company equal
                to the Subscription Amount divided by the quotient of (a) $15,000,000 divided by (b) the number, as of immediately
                prior to the Liquidity Event, of shares of the Company's capital stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis),
                assuming the exercise or conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants and other convertible
                securities, but excluding: (w) shares of capital stock reserved for future issuance under any equity incentive or
                similar plan; (x) any SAFEs; (y) convertible promissory notes; and (z) any equity securities that are issuable upon
                conversion of any outstanding convertible promissory notes or SAFEs.

                In connection with the Cash Out Option, the Subscription Amount (or a lesser amount as described below) will be
                due and payable by the Company to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation of the
                Liquidity Event. If there are not enough funds to pay the Investors and the holders of other SAFEs (collectively, the
                "Cash-Out Investors") in full, then all of the Company's available funds will be distributed with equal priority and
                pro rata among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to their Subscription Amounts.

                "Change of Control" as used above, means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any person or
                group becomes the beneficial owner of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities entitled to
                elect the Company's board of directors, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, in which
                the outstanding voting security holders of the Company fail to retain at least a majority of such voting securities
  



                following such transaction or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
                Company.

                "IPO" as used above, means: (A) the completion of an underwritten initial public offering of Capital Stock by the
                Company pursuant to: (I) a final prospectus for which a receipt is issued by a securities commission of the United
                States or of a province of Canada, or (II) a registration statement which has been filed with the United States
                Securities and Exchange Commission and is declared effective to enable the sale of Capital Stock by the Company
                to the public, which in each case results in such equity securities being listed and posted for trading or quoted on a
                recognized exchange; (B) the Company's initial listing of its Capital Stock (other than shares of Capital Stock not
                eligible for resale under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) on a national securities exchange by means of an
                effective registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the SEC that registers shares of existing
                capital stock of the Company for resale, as approved by the Company's board of directors, where such listing shall
                not be deemed to be an underwritten offering and shall not involve any underwriting services; or (C) the completion
                of a reverse merger or take-over whereby an entity (I) whose securities are listed and posted for trading or quoted on
                a recognized exchange, or (II) is a reporting issuer in the United States or the equivalent in any foreign jurisdiction,
                acquires all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Company.

                Conversion Upon a Liquidity Event Following an Equity Financing

                In the case of a Liquidity Event following any Equity Financing, the Investor will receive, at the option of the
                Nominee and within thirty (30) days of receiving notice (whether actual or constructive), either (i) the Cash Out
                Option or (ii) a number of shares of the most recently issued capital stock equal to the Subscription Amount divided
                by the First Equity Financing Price. Shares of capital stock granted in connection therewith shall have the same
                liquidation rights and preferences as the shares of capital stock issued in connection with the Company's most recent
                Equity Financing.

                If there are not enough funds to pay the Investors and the other Cash-Out Investors in full, then all of the Company's
                available funds will be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to
                their Subscription Amounts.

                If the Company's board of directors (or other applicable governing body if the Company is a limited liability
                company) determines in good faith that delivery of equity securities to the Investor pursuant to Liquidity Event
                paragraphs above would violate applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Company shall deliver to Investor in lieu
                thereof, a cash payment equal to the fair market value of such capital stock, as determined in good faith by the
                Company's board of directors (or other applicable governing body if the Company is a limited liability company).

                Dissolution

                If there is a Dissolution Event (as defined below) before the Securities terminate, subject to the preferences
                applicable to any series of preferred stock then outstanding, the Company will distribute all proceeds legally
                available for distribution with equal priority among the (i) holders of the Securities (on an as converted basis based
                on a valuation of Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Company's board of directors at the time of the
                Dissolution Event), (ii) all other holders of instruments sharing in the distribution of proceeds of the Company at the
                same priority as holders of Common Stock upon a Dissolution Event and (iii) all holders of Common Stock.

                A "Dissolution Event" means (i) a voluntary termination of operations by the Company, (ii) a general assignment
                for the benefit of the Company's creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company
                (excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.

                Termination

                The Securities terminate (without relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or
                non-compliance with the Securities) upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the issuance of shares in the converted securities
                to the Investor pursuant to the conversion provisions of the Crowd SAFE agreement or (ii) the payment, or setting
                aside for payment, of amounts due to the Investor pursuant to a Liquidity Event or a Dissolution Event.

                Voting and Control

                Neither the Securities nor the securities issuable upon the conversion of the Securities have voting rights unless
                otherwise provided for by the Company. In addition, to facilitate the Offering Crowd SAFE Investors being able to
                act together and cast a vote as a group, to the extent any securities acquired upon conversion of the Securities confer
                the holder with voting rights (whether provided by the Company's governing documents or by law), the Nominee
  



                (as defined above) will act on behalf of the holders as agent and proxy in all respects. The Nominee will vote
                consistently at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

                Anti-Dilution Rights

                The Securities do not have anti-dilution rights, which means that future equity issuances and other events will dilute
                the ownership percentage that Investors may eventually have in the Company.

                Restrictions on Transfer

                Any Securities sold pursuant to Regulation CF being offered may not be transferred by any Investor of such
                Securities during the one-year holding period beginning when the Securities were issued, unless such Securities are
                transferred: (1) to the Company; (2) to an accredited investor, as defined by Rule 501(d) of Regulation D
                promulgated under the Securities Act; (3) as part of an IPO; or (4) to a member of the family of the Investor or the
                equivalent, to a trust controlled by the Investor, to a trust created for the benefit of a member of the family of the
                Investor or the equivalent, or in connection with the death or divorce of the Investor or other similar circumstances.
                "Member of the family" as used herein means a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse
                or spousal equivalent, sibling, mother/father/daughter/son/sister/brother-in-law, and includes adoptive relationships.
                Each Investor should be aware that although the Securities may legally be able to be transferred, there is no
                guarantee that another party will be willing to purchase them.

                In addition to the foregoing restrictions, prior to making any transfer of the Securities or any capital stock into which
                they are convertible, such transferring Investor must either make such transfer pursuant to an effective registration
                statement filed with the SEC or provide the Company with an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
                Company stating that a registration statement is not necessary to effect such transfer.

                In addition, the Investor may not transfer the Securities or any capital stock into which they are convertible to any of
                the Company's competitors, as determined by the Company in good faith.

                Furthermore, upon the event of an IPO, the capital stock into which the Securities are converted will be subject to a
                lock-up period and may not be lent, offered, pledged, or sold for up to 180 days following such IPO.

                If a transfer, resale, assignment or distribution of the Security should occur prior to the conversion of the Security or
                after, if the Security is still held by the original purchaser directly, the transferee, purchaser, assignee or distribute, as
                relevant, will be required to sign a new Nominee Rider (as defined in the Security) and provide personally
                identifiable information to the Nominee sufficient to establish a custodial account at a later date and time. Under the
                Terms of the Securities, the Nominee has the right to place shares received from the conversion of the Security into a
                custodial relationship with a qualified third party and have said Nominee be listed as the holder of record. In this
                case, Investors will only have a beneficial interest in the equity securities derived from the Securities, not legal
                ownership, which may make their resale more difficult as it will require coordination with the custodian and
                Republic Investment Services.

                Other Material Terms

                 The Company does not have the right to repurchase the Securities.
                 The Securities do not have a stated return or liquidation preference.
                 The Company cannot determine if it currently has enough capital stock authorized to issue upon the conversion

                      of the Securities, because the amount of capital stock to be issued is based on the occurrence of future events.

                                                                     COMMISSION AND FEES

                Cash Commission

                At the conclusion of the Offering, the issuer shall pay a cash fee of two percent (2%) of the amount raised in the
                Offering to the Intermediary.

                Other Compensation

                The Intermediary will also receive compensation in the form of the Securities equal to one percent (1%) of the total
                number of the Securities sold in the offering. The total number of Securities outstanding after the Offering is subject
                to increase in an amount equal to the Intermediary's fee of one percent (1%) of the Securities issued in this Offering.
  



                                                                            RISK FACTORS

                Investing in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and may result in the loss of your entire investment. Before
                making an investment decision with respect to the Securities, we urge you to carefully consider the risks described in
                this section and other factors set forth in this Form C. In addition to the risks specified below, the Company is
                subject to same risks that all companies in its business, and all companies in the economy, are exposed to. These
                include risks relating to economic downturns, political and economic events and technological developments (such
                as hacking and the ability to prevent hacking). Additionally, early-stage companies are inherently riskier than more
                developed companies. Prospective Investors should consult with their legal, tax and financial advisors prior to
                making an investment in the Securities. The Securities should only be purchased by persons who can afford to lose
                all of their investment.

                Risks Related to the Company's Business and Industry

                We have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our performance, and accordingly, our
                prospects must be considered in light of the risks that any new company encounters.

                The Company is still in an early phase and we are just beginning to implement our business plan. There can be no
                assurance that we will ever operate profitably. The likelihood of our success should be considered in light of the
                problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays usually encountered by early stage companies. The
                Company may not be successful in attaining the objectives necessary for it to overcome these risks and
                uncertainties.

                Global crises and geopolitical events, including without limitation, COVID-19 can have a significant effect on
                our business operations and revenue projections.

                With shelter-in-place orders and non-essential business closings potentially happening intermittently throughout
                2022 and into the future due to COVID-19, the Company's revenue may have been, and may continue to be,
                adversely affected.

                The amount of capital the Company is attempting to raise in this Offering may not be enough to sustain the
                Company's current business plan.

                In order to achieve the Company's near and long-term goals, the Company may need to procure funds in addition to
                the amount raised in the Offering. There is no guarantee the Company will be able to raise such funds on acceptable
                terms or at all. If we are not able to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may not be able to execute our business
                plan, our continued operations will be in jeopardy and we may be forced to cease operations and sell or otherwise
                transfer all or substantially all of our remaining assets, which could cause an Investor to lose all or a portion of their
                investment.

                We may face potential difficulties in obtaining capital.

                We may have difficulty raising needed capital in the future as a result of, among other factors, our lack of revenues
                from sales, as well as the inherent business risks associated with our Company and present and future market
                conditions. We will require additional funds to execute our business strategy and conduct our operations. If adequate
                funds are unavailable, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research,
                development or commercialization programs, product launches or marketing efforts, any of which may materially
                harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

                We may not have enough authorized capital stock to issue shares of common stock to investors upon the
                conversion of any security convertible into shares of our common stock, including the Securities.

                Unless we increase our authorized capital stock, we may not have enough authorized common stock to be able to
                obtain funding by issuing shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock. We
                may also not have enough authorized capital stock to issue shares of common stock to investors upon the conversion
                of any security convertible into shares of our common stock, including the Securities.

                We may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business.

                As an early-stage company, we may implement new lines of business at any time. There are substantial risks and
                uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In
                developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time
  



                and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products
                or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. We may not be
                successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology, or
                those new products may not achieve market acceptance. As a result, we could lose business, be forced to price
                products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients or be subject to cost increases. As a
                result, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.

                We rely on other companies to provide components and services for our products.

                We depend on suppliers and contractors to meet our contractual obligations to our customers and conduct our
                operations. Our ability to meet our obligations to our customers may be adversely affected if suppliers or contractors
                do not provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in compliance with customer
                requirements and in a timely and cost-effective manner. Likewise, the quality of our products may be adversely
                impacted if companies to whom we delegate manufacture of major components or subsystems for our products, or
                from whom we acquire such items, do not provide components which meet required specifications and perform to
                our and our customers' expectations. Our suppliers may be unable to quickly recover from natural disasters and
                other events beyond their control and may be subject to additional risks such as financial problems that limit their
                ability to conduct their operations. The risk of these adverse effects may be greater in circumstances where we rely
                on only one or two contractors or suppliers for a particular component. Our products may utilize custom components
                available from only one source. Continued availability of those components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be
                affected for any number of reasons, including if those suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common
                components instead of components customized to meet our requirements. The supply of components for a new or
                existing product could be delayed or constrained, or a key manufacturing vendor could delay shipments of
                completed products to us adversely affecting our business and results of operations.

                We rely on various intellectual property rights, including trademarks, in order to operate our business.

                The Company relies on certain intellectual property rights to operate its business. The Company's intellectual
                property rights may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.
                In addition, the steps that we have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from
                being challenged, invalidated, circumvented or designed-around, particularly in countries where intellectual property
                rights are not highly developed or protected. In some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because
                an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons, or countries may require
                compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that
                convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or
                unauthorized use of such property, could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. We
                also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect,
                in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately
                protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies
                for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that
                third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. As we expand our
                business, protecting our intellectual property will become increasingly important. The protective steps we have
                taken may be inadequate to deter our competitors from using our proprietary information. In order to protect or
                enforce our patent rights, we may be required to initiate litigation against third parties, such as infringement
                lawsuits. Also, these third parties may assert claims against us with or without provocation. These lawsuits could be
                expensive, take significant time and could divert management's attention from other business concerns. The law
                relating to the scope and validity of claims in the technology field in which we operate is still evolving and,
                consequently, intellectual property positions in our industry are generally uncertain. We cannot assure you that we
                will prevail in any of these potential suits or that the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, would be
                commercially valuable.

                The Company's success depends on the experience and skill of the board of directors, its executive officers and
                key employees.

                We are dependent on our board of directors, executive officers and key employees. These persons may not devote
                their full time and attention to the matters of the Company. The loss of our board of directors, executive officers and
                key employees could harm the Company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

                Although dependent on certain key personnel, the Company does not have any key person life insurance policies
                on any such people.
  



                We are dependent on certain key personnel in order to conduct our operations and execute our business plan,
                however, the Company has not purchased any insurance policies with respect to those individuals in the event of
                their death or disability. Therefore, if any of these personnel die or become disabled, the Company will not receive
                any compensation to assist with such person's absence. The loss of such person could negatively affect the Company
                and our operations. We have no way to guarantee key personnel will stay with the Company, as many states do not
                enforce non-competition agreements, and therefore acquiring key man insurance will not ameliorate all of the risk of
                relying on key personnel.

                Damage to our reputation could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

                Our reputation and the quality of our brand are critical to our business and success in existing markets, and will be
                critical to our success as we enter new markets. Any incident that erodes consumer loyalty for our brand could
                significantly reduce its value and damage our business. We may be adversely affected by any negative publicity,
                regardless of its accuracy. Also, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar
                devices, including blogs, social media websites and other forms of internet-based communications that provide
                individuals with access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. The availability of
                information on social media platforms is virtually immediate as is its impact. Information posted may be adverse to
                our interests or may be inaccurate, each of which may harm our performance, prospects or business. The harm may
                be immediate and may disseminate rapidly and broadly, without affording us an opportunity for redress or
                correction.

                Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security threats, attacks and other disruptions.

                We continue to face advanced and persistent attacks on our information infrastructure where we manage and store
                various proprietary information and sensitive/confidential data relating to our operations. These attacks may include
                sophisticated malware (viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs) and phishing emails that attack our
                products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. These intrusions sometimes may be zero-day malware that
                are difficult to identify because they are not included in the signature set of commercially available antivirus
                scanning programs. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security
                and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of our customers or other third-parties, create
                system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Additionally, sophisticated software and applications that we produce or
                procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that
                could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the information infrastructure. A disruption, infiltration or failure
                of our information infrastructure systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions,
                computer viruses, cyber-attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could
                cause breaches of data security, loss of critical data and performance delays, which in turn could adversely affect our
                business.

                Security breaches of confidential customer information, in connection with our electronic processing of credit
                and debit card transactions, or confidential employee information may adversely affect our business.

                Our business requires the collection, transmission and retention of personally identifiable information, in various
                information technology systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to
                provide services. The integrity and protection of that data is critical to us. The information, security and privacy
                requirements imposed by governmental regulation are increasingly demanding. Our systems may not be able to
                satisfy these changing requirements and customer and employee expectations, or may require significant additional
                investments or time in order to do so. A breach in the security of our information technology systems or those of our
                service providers could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies
                and a loss of profits. Additionally, a significant theft, loss or misappropriation of, or access to, customers' or other
                proprietary data or other breach of our information technology systems could result in fines, legal claims or
                proceedings.

                The use of Individually identifiable data by our business, our business associates and third parties is regulated at
                the state, federal and international levels.

                The regulation of individual data is changing rapidly, and in unpredictable ways. A change in regulation could
                adversely affect our business, including causing our business model to no longer be viable. Costs associated with
                information security ­ such as investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and
                costs resulting from consumer fraud ­ could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially.
                Additionally, the success of our online operations depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information
                over public networks, including the use of cashless payments. The intentional or negligent actions of employees,
                business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures. As a result, unauthorized parties may
  



                obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in
                computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the
                compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and personal data. If any such compromise of our
                security or the security of information residing with our business associates or third parties were to occur, it could
                have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Any compromise of our
                data security may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such breaches and could subject us to
                additional legal risk.

                The Company is not subject to Sarbanes-Oxley regulations and may lack the financial controls and procedures of
                public companies.

                The Company may not have the internal control infrastructure that would meet the standards of a public company,
                including the requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. As a privately-held (non-public) Company, the
                Company is currently not subject to the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, and its financial and disclosure controls and
                procedures reflect its status as a development stage, non-public company. There can be no guarantee that there are
                no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the quality of the Company's financial and disclosure controls
                and procedures. If it were necessary to implement such financial and disclosure controls and procedures, the cost to
                the Company of such compliance could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
                results of operations.

                We operate in a highly regulated environment, and if we are found to be in violation of any of the federal, state,
                or local laws or regulations applicable to us, our business could suffer.

                We are also subject to a wide range of federal, state, and local laws and regulations, such as local licensing
                requirements, and retail financing, debt collection, consumer protection, environmental, health and safety, creditor,
                wage-hour, anti-discrimination, whistleblower and other employment practices laws and regulations and we expect
                these costs to increase going forward. The violation of these or future requirements or laws and regulations could
                result in administrative, civil, or criminal sanctions against us, which may include fines, a cease and desist order
                against the subject operations or even revocation or suspension of our license to operate the subject business. As a
                result, we have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenditures and other costs to comply with
                these requirements and laws and regulations.

                Risks Related to the Offering

                State and federal securities laws are complex, and the Company could potentially be found to have not complied
                with all relevant state and federal securities law in prior offerings of securities.

                The Company has conducted previous offerings of securities and may not have complied with all relevant state and
                federal securities laws. If a court or regulatory body with the required jurisdiction ever concluded that the Company
                may have violated state or federal securities laws, any such violation could result in the Company being required to
                offer rescission rights to investors in such offering. If such investors exercised their rescission rights, the Company
                would have to pay to such investors an amount of funds equal to the purchase price paid by such investors plus
                interest from the date of any such purchase. No assurances can be given the Company will, if it is required to offer
                such investors a rescission right, have sufficient funds to pay the prior investors the amounts required or that
                proceeds from this Offering would not be used to pay such amounts.

                In addition, if the Company violated federal or state securities laws in connection with a prior offering and/or sale of
                its securities, federal or state regulators could bring an enforcement, regulatory and/or other legal action against the
                Company which, among other things, could result in the Company having to pay substantial fines and be prohibited
                from selling securities in the future.

                The Company could potentially be found to have not complied with securities law in connection with this
                Offering related to a Reservation Campaign (also known as "Testing the Waters")

                Prior to filing this Form C, the Company engaged in a Reservation Campaign (also known as "testing the waters")
                permitted under Regulation Crowdfunding (17 CFR 227.206), which allows issuers to communicate to determine
                whether there is interest in the offering. All communication sent is deemed to be an offer of securities for purposes
                of the antifraud provisions of federal securities laws. Any Investor who expressed interest prior to the date of this
                Offering should read this Form C thoroughly and rely only on the information provided herein and not on any
                statement made prior to the Offering. The communications sent to Investors prior to the Offering are attached as
                Exhibit E. Some of these communications may not have included proper disclaimers required for a Reservation
                Campaign.
  



                The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of the Securities or the terms of the
                Offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any Offering document or literature.

                You should not rely on the fact that our Form C is accessible through the U.S. Securities and Exchange
                Commission's EDGAR filing system as an approval, endorsement or guarantee of compliance as it relates to this
                Offering. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not reviewed this Form C, nor any document or
                literature related to this Offering.

                Neither the Offering nor the Securities have been registered under federal or state securities laws.

                No governmental agency has reviewed or passed upon this Offering or the Securities. Neither the Offering nor the
                Securities have been registered under federal or state securities laws. Investors will not receive any of the benefits
                available in registered offerings, which may include access to quarterly and annual financial statements that have
                been audited by an independent accounting firm. Investors must therefore assess the adequacy of disclosure and the
                fairness of the terms of this Offering based on the information provided in this Form C and the accompanying
                exhibits.

                The Company's management may have broad discretion in how the Company uses the net proceeds of the
                Offering.

                Unless the Company has agreed to a specific use of the proceeds from the Offering, the Company's management
                will have considerable discretion over the use of proceeds from the Offering. You may not have the opportunity, as
                part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately.

                The Company has the right to limit individual Investor commitment amounts based on the Company's
                determination of an Investor's sophistication.

                The Company may prevent any Investor from committing more than a certain amount in this Offering based on the
                Company's determination of the Investor's sophistication and ability to assume the risk of the investment. This
                means that your desired investment amount may be limited or lowered based solely on the Company's determination
                and not in line with relevant investment limits set forth by the Regulation CF rules. This also means that other
                Investors may receive larger allocations of the Offering based solely on the Company's determination.

                The Company has the right to extend the Offering Deadline.

                The Company may extend the Offering Deadline beyond what is currently stated herein. This means that your
                investment may continue to be held in escrow while the Company attempts to raise the Target Offering Amount
                even after the Offering Deadline stated herein is reached. While you have the right to cancel your investment in the
                event the Company extends the Offering Deadline, if you choose to reconfirm your investment, your investment will
                not be accruing interest during this time and will simply be held until such time as the new Offering Deadline is
                reached without the Company receiving the Target Offering Amount, at which time it will be returned to you
                without interest or deduction, or the Company receives the Target Offering Amount, at which time it will be released
                to the Company to be used as set forth herein. Upon or shortly after the release of such funds to the Company, the
                Securities will be issued and distributed to you.

                The Company may also end the Offering early.

                If the Target Offering Amount is met after 21 calendar days, but before the Offering Deadline, the Company can end
                the Offering by providing notice to Investors at least 5 business days prior to the end of the Offering. This means
                your failure to participate in the Offering in a timely manner, may prevent you from being able to invest in this
                Offering ­ it also means the Company may limit the amount of capital it can raise during the Offering by ending the
                Offering early.

                The Company has the right to conduct multiple closings during the Offering.

                If the Company meets certain terms and conditions, an intermediate close (also known as a rolling close) of the
                Offering can occur, which will allow the Company to draw down on seventy percent (70%) of Investor proceeds
                committed and captured in the Offering during the relevant period. The Company may choose to continue the
                Offering thereafter. Investors should be mindful that this means they can make multiple investment commitments in
                the Offering, which may be subject to different cancellation rights. For example, if an intermediate close occurs and
                later a material change occurs as the Offering continues, Investors whose investment commitments were previously
  



                closed upon will not have the right to re-confirm their investment as it will be deemed to have been completed prior
                to the material change.

                Changes to Crowdfunding Laws

                The JOBS Act is still fairly new, with many politicians and observers concerned that unsophisticated investors will
                be harmed. Further, many of the most critical aspects of the JOBS Act were left to the discretion of the SEC. It is
                possible that Congress or the SEC would change the JOBS Act or its implementing regulations in a way that
                imposes greater restrictions on us, which would increase our costs or otherwise interfere with the successful
                implementation and execution of our business plan.

                Changes to Legal Interpretations

                Many U.S. securities laws date back to the 1930s and 1940s: the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities and
                Exchange Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, and so forth. It is
                sometimes very difficult to determine how these laws should be applied to a world of Internet-based investing that
                could not have been imagined at the time the laws were enacted. The SEC or a court could interpret, or reinterpret, a
                law in a way that imposes additional restrictions on us.

                Regulation of Funding Portals

                The Company is registered as a "funding portal" with both the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
                or "FINRA." As such, the Company is subject to extensive regulation, which imposes costs on the Company and
                restricts the manner of its operations. If the Company failed to comply with these regulations, it could face financial
                penalties and the loss of its ability to operate under Title III.

                Possible Registration as Investment Advisor or Broker-Dealer

                Today, the Company is not registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or as an
                investment adviser under the Investment Adviser Act of 1940. The Company might be required to register in the
                future either because of a new law, a change in the interpretation of an existing law, or a change in our business
                model ­ for example, a change in our compensation model. If we were required to register, it could impose
                significant costs and limit the manner in which we are allowed to operate.

                Uncertainty of Laws

                Because the JOBS Act is so new, even lawyers who specialize in this area of the law cannot be 100% certain how to
                interpret all its provisions, or all the provisions in hundreds of pages of regulations issued by the SEC. We will do
                our best to comply with all the laws and regulations that apply to us, but we might get things wrong.

                Risks Related to the Securities

                Investors will not have voting rights, even upon conversion of the Securities and will grant a third-party nominee
                broad power and authority to act on their behalf.

                In connection with investing in this Offering to purchase a Crowd SAFE ((Simple Agreement for Future Equity)
                investors will designate Republic Investment Services LLC (f/k/a NextSeed Services, LLC) (the "Nominee") to act
                on their behalf as agent and proxy in all respects. The Nominee will be entitled, among other things, to exercise any
                voting rights (if any) conferred upon the holder of the Securities or any securities acquired upon their conversion, to
                execute on behalf of an investor all transaction documents related to the transaction or other corporate event causing
                the conversion of the Securities, and as part of the conversion process the Nominee has the authority to open an
                account in the name of a qualified custodian, of the Nominee's sole discretion, to take custody of any securities
                acquired upon conversion of the Securities. Thus, by participating in the Offering, investors will grant broad
                discretion to a third party (the Nominee and its agents) to take various actions on their behalf, and investors will
                essentially not be able to vote upon matters related to the governance and affairs of the Company nor take or effect
                actions that might otherwise be available to holders of the Securities and any securities acquired upon their
                conversion. Investors should not participate in the Offering unless he, she or it is willing to waive or assign certain
                rights that might otherwise be afforded to a holder of the Securities to the Nominee and grant broad authority to the
                Nominee to take certain actions on behalf of the investor, including changing title to the Security.
  



                The Securities will not be freely tradable under the Securities Act until one year from the initial purchase date.
                Although the Securities may be tradable under federal securities law, state securities regulations may apply, and
                each Investor should consult with their attorney.

                You should be aware of the long-term nature of this investment. There is not now and likely will not ever be a public
                market for the Securities. Because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or under the
                securities laws of any state or foreign jurisdiction, the Securities have transfer restrictions and cannot be resold in the
                United States except pursuant to Rule 501 of Regulation CF. It is not currently contemplated that registration under
                the Securities Act or other securities laws will be effected. Limitations on the transfer of the Securities may also
                adversely affect the price that you might be able to obtain for the Securities in a private sale. Investors should be
                aware of the long-term nature of their investment in the Company. Each Investor in this Offering will be required to
                represent that they are purchasing the Securities for their own account, for investment purposes and not with a view
                to resale or distribution thereof. If a transfer, resale, assignment or distribution of the Security should occur prior to
                the conversion of the Security or after, if the Security is still held by the original purchaser directly, the transferee,
                purchaser, assignee or distribute, as relevant, will be required to sign a new Nominee Rider (as defined in the
                Security) and provide personally identifiable information to the Nominee sufficient to establish a custodial account
                at a later date and time. Under the Terms of the Securities, the Nominee has the right to place shares received from
                the conversion of the Security into a custodial relationship with a qualified third party and have said Nominee be
                listed as the holder of record. In this case, Investors will only have a beneficial interest in the equity securities
                derived from the Securities, not legal ownership, which may make their resale more difficult as it will require
                coordination with the custodian and Republic Investment Services.

                Investors will not become equity holders until the Company decides to convert the Securities or until there is a
                change of control or sale of substantially all of the Company's assets. The Investor may never directly hold
                equity in the Company.

                Investors will not have an ownership claim to the Company or to any of its assets or revenues for an indefinite
                amount of time and depending on when and how the Securities are converted, the Investors may never become
                equity holders of the Company. Investors will not become equity holders of the Company unless the Company
                receives a future round of financing great enough to trigger a conversion and the Company elects to convert the
                Securities. The Company is under no obligation to convert the Securities. In certain instances, such as a sale of the
                Company or substantially all of its assets, an initial public offering or a dissolution or bankruptcy, the Investors may
                only have a right to receive cash, to the extent available, rather than equity in the Company. Further, the Investor
                may never become an equity holder, merely a beneficial owner of an equity interest, should the Company or the
                Nominee decide to move the Crowd SAFE or the securities issuable thereto into a custodial relationship.

                Investors will not have voting rights, even upon conversion of the Securities.

                Investors will not have the right to vote upon matters of the Company even if and when their Securities are
                converted (the occurrence of which cannot be guaranteed). Under the terms of the Securities, a third-party
                designated by the Company will exercise voting control over the Securities. Upon conversion, the Securities will
                continue to be voted in line with the designee identified or pursuant to a voting agreement related to the equity
                securities the Security is converted into. For example, if the Securities are converted in connection with an offering
                of Series B Preferred Stock, Investors would directly or beneficially receive securities in the form of shares of Series
                B-CF Preferred Stock and such shares would be required to be subject to the terms of the Securities that allows a
                designee to vote their shares of Series B-CF Preferred Stock consistent with the terms of the Security. Thus,
                Investors will essentially never be able to vote upon any matters of the Company unless otherwise provided for by
                the Company.

                Investors will not be entitled to any inspection or information rights other than those required by law.

                Investors will not have the right to inspect the books and records of the Company or to receive financial or other
                information from the Company, other than as required by law. Other security holders of the Company may have such
                rights. Regulation CF requires only the provision of an annual report on Form C and no additional information.
                Additionally, there are numerous methods by which the Company can terminate annual report obligations, resulting
                in no information rights, contractual, statutory or otherwise, owed to Investors. This lack of information could put
                Investors at a disadvantage in general and with respect to other security holders, including certain security holders
                who have rights to periodic financial statements and updates from the Company such as quarterly unaudited
                financials, annual projections and budgets, and monthly progress reports, among other things.

                Investors will be unable to declare the Security in "default" and demand repayment.
  



                Unlike convertible notes and some other securities, the Securities do not have any "default" provisions upon which
                Investors will be able to demand repayment of their investment. The Company has ultimate discretion as to whether
                or not to convert the Securities upon a future equity financing and Investors have no right to demand such
                conversion. Only in limited circumstances, such as a liquidity event, may Investors demand payment and even then,
                such payments will be limited to the amount of cash available to the Company.

                The Company may never elect to convert the Securities or undergo a liquidity event and Investors may have to
                hold the Securities indefinitely.

                The Company may never conduct a future equity financing or elect to convert the Securities if such future equity
                financing does occur. In addition, the Company may never undergo a liquidity event such as a sale of the Company
                or an initial public offering. If neither the conversion of the Securities nor a liquidity event occurs, Investors could
                be left holding the Securities in perpetuity. The Securities have numerous transfer restrictions and will likely be
                highly illiquid, with no secondary market on which to sell them. If a transfer, resale, assignment or distribution of
                the Security should occur prior to the conversion of the Security or after, if the Security is still held by the original
                purchaser directly, the transferee, purchaser, assignee or distribute, as relevant, will be required to sign a new
                Nominee Rider (as defined in the Security) and provide personally identifiable information to the Nominee
                sufficient to establish a custodial account at a later date and time. Under the terms of the Securities, the Nominee has
                the right to place shares received from the conversion of the Security into a custodial relationship with a qualified
                third party and have said Nominee be listed as the holder of record. In this case, Investors will only have a beneficial
                interest in the equity securities derived from the Securities, not legal ownership, which may make their resale more
                difficult as it will require coordination with the custodian and Republic Investment Services. The Securities are not
                equity interests, have no ownership rights, have no rights to the Company's assets or profits and have no voting
                rights or ability to direct the Company or its actions.

                Any equity securities acquired upon conversion of the Securities may be significantly diluted as a consequence of
                subsequent equity financings.

                The Company's equity securities will be subject to dilution. The Company intends to issue additional equity to
                employees and third-party financing sources in amounts that are uncertain at this time, and as a consequence holders
                of equity securities resulting from the conversion of the Securities will be subject to dilution in an unpredictable
                amount. Such dilution may reduce the Investor's control and economic interests in the Company.

                The amount of additional financing needed by the Company will depend upon several contingencies not foreseen at
                the time of this Offering. Generally, additional financing (whether in the form of loans or the issuance of other
                securities) will be intended to provide the Company with enough capital to reach the next major corporate milestone.
                If the funds received in any additional financing are not sufficient to meet the Company's needs, the Company may
                have to raise additional capital at a price unfavorable to their existing investors, including the holders of the
                Securities. The availability of capital is at least partially a function of capital market conditions that are beyond the
                control of the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to accurately predict the future
                capital requirements necessary for success or that additional funds will be available from any source. Failure to
                obtain financing on favorable terms could dilute or otherwise severely impair the value of the Securities.

                In addition, the Company has certain equity grants and convertible securities outstanding. Should the Company enter
                into a financing that would trigger any conversion rights, the converting securities would further dilute the equity
                securities receivable by the holders of the Securities upon a qualifying financing.

                Any equity securities issued upon conversion of the Securities may be substantially different from other equity
                securities offered or issued by the Company at the time of conversion.

                In the event the Company decides to exercise the conversion right, the Company will convert the Securities into
                equity securities that are materially different from the equity securities being issued to new investors at the time of
                conversion in many ways, including, but not limited to, liquidation preferences, dividend rights, or anti-dilution
                protection. Additionally, any equity securities issued at the Conversion Price (as defined in the Crowd SAFE
                agreement) shall have only such preferences, rights, and protections in proportion to the Conversion Price and not in
                proportion to the price per share paid by new investors receiving the equity securities. Upon conversion of the
                Securities, the Company may not provide the holders of such Securities with the same rights, preferences,
                protections, and other benefits or privileges provided to other investors of the Company.
  



                The forgoing paragraph is only a summary of a portion of the conversion feature of the Securities; it is not intended
                to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Crowd SAFE agreement, which is
                attached as Exhibit B.

                There is no present market for the Securities and we have arbitrarily set the price.

                The Offering price was not established in a competitive market. We have arbitrarily set the price of the Securities
                with reference to the general status of the securities market and other relevant factors. The Offering price for the
                Securities should not be considered an indication of the actual value of the Securities and is not based on our asset
                value, net worth, revenues or other established criteria of value. We cannot guarantee that the Securities can be
                resold at the Offering price or at any other price.

                In the event of the dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company, Investors will not be treated as debt holders and
                therefore are unlikely to recover any proceeds.

                In the event of the dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company, the holders of the Securities that have not been
                converted will be entitled to distributions as described in the Securities. This means that such holders will only
                receive distributions once all of the creditors and more senior security holders, including any holders of preferred
                stock, have been paid in full. No holders of any of the Securities can be guaranteed any proceeds in the event of the
                dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company.

                While the Securities provide mechanisms whereby holders of the Securities would be entitled to a return of their
                subscription amount upon the occurrence of certain events, if the Company does not have sufficient cash on
                hand, this obligation may not be fulfilled.

                Upon the occurrence of certain events, as provided in the Securities, holders of the Securities may be entitled to a
                return of the principal amount invested. Despite the contractual provisions in the Securities, this right cannot be
                guaranteed if the Company does not have sufficient liquid assets on hand. Therefore, potential Investors should not
                assume a guaranteed return of their investment amount.

                There is no guarantee of a return on an Investor's investment.

                There is no assurance that an Investor will realize a return on their investment or that they will not lose their entire
                investment. For this reason, each Investor should read this Form C and all exhibits carefully and should consult with
                their attorney and business advisor prior to making any investment decision.

                IN ADDITION TO THE RISKS LISTED ABOVE, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY
                KNOWN, OR WHICH WE CONSIDER IMMATERIAL AS OF THE DATE OF THIS FORM C, MAY
                ALSO HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS AND RESULT IN THE TOTAL LOSS OF
                YOUR INVESTMENT.
  



                                                                                BUSINESS

                Description of the Business

                MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP. ("Mainvest") is the investment platform for Main Street, giving every American
                the ability to participate in the economic growth of their communities by empowering them to start, scale, and invest
                in small businesses. Founded by a team with experience across hyperlocal marketplaces (first 50 employee at Uber)
                and fintech, Mainvest's marketplace gives small businesses a better way to access capital through direct investment
                from their customers and community while unlocking retail investor access to a new asset class of passive income
                investments in the local businesses they know, love, and understand. Their thesis of community-underwritten capital
                has been pressure tested by the current pandemic, with Mainvest's portfolio seeing default rates 75% lower than
                legacy lenders and closure rates 1/10th the SMB national average. Mainvest is well-positioned for growth in the
                post-pandemic environment, fueling regional expansion across the US, and powering the reopening of local
                economies across the country.

                The Company is headquartered in Massachusetts and provides products and services through the internet throughout
                the United States and its territories.

                The Company conducts its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mainvest, Inc., a Delaware Corporation
                formed on March 19th, 2018.

Business Plan

Mainvest aids small businesses in filing investment campaigns to ensure regulatory compliance while providing
basic advisory services. As a funding portal we cannot provide investment advice, but offer investors a marketplace
in which they can browse investment opportunities and ask questions about how the platform and specific offerings
work.

The Company's Products and/or Services

Product / Service                Description                         Current Market

Small Business Capital Campaign  Regulatory Compliant Capital        SMB entrepreneurs building and
                                 Raises for Small Businesses         growing cash-flow focused, brick
                                                                     & mortar, business to consumer
                                                                     enterprises

MacGyver Consulting Services     Bespoke consulting services across  SMB entrepreneurs building and
                                 supply chain, marketing,            growing cash-flow focused, brick
                                 accounting, and more.               & mortar, business to consumer
                                                                     enterprises

Competition

Several key competitors are utilizing the regulatory framework to serve small businesses, most notably SMBX and
Honeycomb Credit. Mainvest is market leader in the space at 4-5x the size of either competitor, operating with a
leaner team and more compelling unit economics.

Customer Base

Mainvest is a two-sided marketplace, with our supply (Small Businesses) being predominantly brick and mortar,
business to consumer, small businesses. The majority of our early adopter base on the supply side is in Food,
Beverage, and Hospitality. The demand (Investor) side of the marketplace is comprised of alternative investors, both
retail and accredited, seeking passive income yield while investing directly into the U.S. Economy.

Supply Chain

Mainvest utilizes a number of third party vendors and companies to efficiently conduct business. In the event of a
vendor or provider becoming unable to continue service, Mainvest has identified multiple alternative providers
across the operational scope of our business.
  



Intellectual Property

Mainvest retains the business information and performance data of issuers on the platform and owns the
Mainvest.com domain. Additionally Mainvest's product (onboarding dashboard, raising dashboard, repayment
dashboard) as well as the Mainvest logo, name, and associated brand are owned by Mainvest, Inc, in turn wholly
owned by MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.

Governmental/Regulatory Approval and Compliance

The Company is subject to and affected by the laws and regulations of U.S. federal, state and local governmental
authorities. These laws and regulations are subject to change.

Litigation

The Company is not subject to any current litigation or threatened litigation.

                                                        USE OF PROCEEDS

The following table illustrates how we intend to use the net proceeds received from this Offering. The values below
are not inclusive of payments to financial and legal service providers and escrow related fees, all of which were
incurred in the preparation of this Offering and are due in advance of the closing of the Offering.

Use of Proceeds     % of Proceeds if  Amount if Target  % of Proceeds if      Amount if
                    Target Offering   Offering Amount       Maximum           Maximum
                    Amount Raised                                         Offering Amount
                                            Raised      Offering Amount
 Intermediary Fees   2%                                       Raised            Raised
                     16%                      $500               2%             $24,700
  Growth Capital                             $4,000             16%            $197,600
                     33%
       Product                               $8,250             33%            $407,550
 Development and     49%
                    100%                    $12,250             49%            $605,150
        Hiring                              $25,000            100%           $1,235,000

Regional Expansion

        Total

The Company has discretion to alter the use of proceeds set forth above to adhere to the Company's business plan
and liquidity requirements. For example, economic conditions may alter the Company's general marketing or
general working capital requirements.

Set forth below are reasonably specific descriptions of how we intend to use the net proceeds of this Offering for any
category in excess of ten percent (10%) in the table above intended to assist you in understanding how the offering
proceeds will be used.

Growth Capital: Mainvest's growth is primarily driven by organic inbound supply, driven through the validation of
existing supply on the platform. We plan to make strategic investments in accelerating that growth through
performance-based referral incentives, aligned with our unit economics, to reward and incentivise existing supply to
proactively market Mainvest to peer businesses, further fueling growth acquisition.

Product Development and Hiring: Management plans on further improving experience of core product offerings,
while investing in expanding product offerings aligned with our guiding principles of increasing engagement and
conversion through products and features built to provide incremental value to both sides of our marketplace.

Regional Expansion: In addition to product investments, which are predicated on our ability to hire high-fidelity
talent to scale the product organization, we plan on utilizing this capital to build a regionally distributed sales
  



                organization in our core markets, and scale that distribution strategy to expansion markets at certain growth
                milestones.

                                             DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MANAGERS, AND KEY PERSONS

                The directors, officers, managers, and key persons of the Company are listed below along with all positions and
                offices held at the Company and their principal occupation and employment responsibilities for the past three (3)
                years.

Name             Positions and Offices Held at Principal Occupation and Education

                 the Company                       Employment Responsibilities for

                                                   the Last Three (3) Years

Nicholas Mathews Founder                           Principal Occupation: CEO:             BA, Political
                           (March 2018 - Present)  General Oversight, Growth, and         Science,
                                                   Management                             UMass
                                                                                          Amherst 2010

Biographical Information

An expert in marketing and operational strategy, Nick led the team that launched Uber in Boston back in 2011.
While launching Uber in new markets, both suburban and urban, he experienced firsthand local challenges around
economic development.

Name             Positions and Offices Held at Principal Occupation and Education
Robert Hoyt
                 the Company                       Employment Responsibilities

                                                   for the Last Three (3) Years

                 Director of Operations            Principal Occupation: Director of  BA Marketing
                 (September 2018 - Present)        Operations:                        BA Philosophy
                                                   Onboarding Issuers in compliance   (Minor),
                                                   with Regulation Crowdfunding       UMass
                                                   statutes.                          Dartmouth 2009

Biographical Information

Accomplished in defining and implementing operational policies, Robert built novel onboarding processes for
emerging products like UberX when Uber launched their low-cost option in Boston in 2012 . Robert honed his craft
when he created, implemented, and oversaw a regional support function for driver-partners. Towards the end of his
tenure at Uber, Robert was responsible for crafting Transportation Networking Company (TNC) license applications
to State and Municipal authorities.

Name             Positions and Offices Held at Principal Occupation and Education
Isabel Strobing
                 the Company                       Employment Responsibilities for the

                                                   Last Three (3) Years

                 Director of Marketing             Principal Occupation: Director of      BA & MA,
                 Communications                    Marketing Communications:              Political
                 (August 2019 - Present)           Oversee all marketing needs including  Science,
                                                   internal and external communications,  Boston
                                                   digital marketing, support, investor   University,
                                                   relations, and email. Act as a         2017
                                                   public-facing point of contact for
                                                   external stakeholders.

Biographical Information
  



Isabel Strobing is the Director of Marketing Communications at Mainvest leading strategy for sharing their mission
with the world. After completing her master's in political science at Boston University, she gained experience in
startup marketing and sales, having worked with early-stage companies around the greater Boston area. She joined
Mainvest in 2019 and lives in Salem, MA, only a stone's throw away from Mainvest HQ, with her puppy Penelope.

Name          Positions and Offices Held Principal Occupation and Employment Education

Lauren        at the Company                Responsibilities for the Last Three (3)
Berestecky
                                            Years

              Director of Campaign Success  Principal Occupation: Director of            BA,
              (February 2021 - Present)     Campaign Success:                            Economics
                                            Work with businesses currently raising       Middlebury
                                            funds on the platform and ensure they have   College
                                            the tools needed for a successful campaign.  2017
                                            Dana Farber - Development Assistant
                                            (2018-2021):
                                            Managed event sponsorships and individual
                                            fundraising participants

Biographical Information

Previously worked in fundraising at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute/The Jimmy Fund, and prior to that in sales at the
media-monitoring company, Meltwater.

Name          Positions and Offices Held at Principal  Occupation    and Education
Eric Strader
              the Company                      Employment Responsibilities for the

                                               Last Three (3) Years

              Director     of        Business  Principal Occupation: Director of         BA
                                               Business Development                      Economics,
              Development                      Manages and oversees the sales            Union
                                               operations, developing and cultivating    College
              (June 2019 - Present)            relationships with Issuers.               2007

Biographical Information

With 10+ years working for successful pre-IPO tech companies, Eric is an accomplished startup growth manager
with proven successes in running field marketing campaigns and marketplace growth initiatives. As an early Uber
employee, he designed unique city-wide experiential campaigns while also consulting and advising on the major
operational challenges facing cities, stadiums, and airports. He brings a breadth of experience project managing
vendors, agencies, and creative resources while partnering with multiple internal/external stakeholders to effectively
manage major client facing projects.

Name          Positions and Offices Principal Occupation and Employment Education
Omar Spira
              Held at the Company           Responsibilities for the Last Three (3)

                                            Years

              Lead Engineer                 Principal Occupation: Lead Engineer          BA
              (January 2021 - Present)      Manages and oversees the engineering         Philosophy
                                            operations, developing and cultivating       University
                                            software solutions.                          of
                                            Freelance Engineer (2019 - 2021):            Maryland
                                            Creating applications as the lead developer  College
                                            while also consulting at nonprofits and      Park 2019
                                            startups
  



Biographical Information

Omar Spira is a full-stack software engineer who got his start self-teaching and coding solutions for local small
businesses. He moved on to build and lead teams, often creating applications as the lead developer while also
consulting at nonprofits and startups.

Name               Positions and Offices Held at Principal  Occupation  and Education
Aran Ansari
                   the Company              Employment Responsibilities for the

                                            Last Three (3) Years

                   Product Manager          Principal Occupation: Product Manager           BBA
                   (August 2019 - Present)  Oversees product development cycle              Finance,
                                            from ideation to launch. Manages and            UMass
                                            organizes the companies' database and           Amherst
                                            analyzes it to inform business and              2019
                                            marketing decisions.

Biographical Information

Graduating with a degree in finance and minors in Information Technology and Economics, Aran specializes in the
intersection of financial modeling and technology. Using both a deep understanding of data collection and product
growth, he has helped organizations of different sizes discover more efficient ways of scaling operations, using new
technology to achieve growth.

Aran's passion for economic development was strengthened through repeatedly watching communities around his
hometown of Cambridge, MA struggle to coexist with large chains, special interests, and real estate development
tactics. Whether it's low-income students, live musicians, or small businesses, Aran's work has always focused on
increasing economic opportunities for the little guy.

Name               Positions and Offices Principal Occupation and Employment Education
                   Held at the Company Responsibilities for the Last Three (3) Years

Timothy Blanchard  HR & Compliance          Principal Occupation: HR & Compliance           BA
                   Manager                  Manager                                         Communications
                   (September 2022 -        Manages and oversees the sales operations,      Villanova
                   Present)                 developing and cultivating relationships with   2013
                                            Issuers.
                                            Gopuff - Regional Manager, Delivery
                                            Operations (October 2021- April 2022):
                                            Oversaw Delivery Operations for 9 Fulfillment
                                            Centers across Massachusetts and New
                                            England
                                            Uber - Greenlight Operations Team Lead II
                                            (April 2018 - September 2021):
                                            Oversaw team of Support Specialists, servicing
                                            Boston and Greater New England.

Biographical Information

Tim's professional experience has been in start-up or early stage companies. He has served a variety of roles and
worked on projects including building support presence in New England for Uber and expanding delivery operations
in Massachusetts for Gopuff.
  



                Indemnification

                Indemnification is authorized by the Company to managers, officers or controlling persons acting in their
                professional capacity pursuant to Delaware State law. Indemnification includes expenses such as attorney's fees and,
                in certain circumstances, judgments, fines and settlement amounts actually paid or incurred in connection with
                actual or threatened actions, suits or proceedings involving such person, except in certain circumstances where a
                person is adjudged to be guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct, unless a court of competent jurisdiction
                determines that such indemnification is fair and reasonable under the circumstances.

                                       CAPITALIZATION, DEBT AND OWNERSHIP

Capitalization

The Company's authorized capital stock consists of 21,660,000 shares of common stock of which 10,122,360 are
issued and outstanding, par value $0.00001 per share (the "Common Stock") and 7,544,422 shares of preferred
stock of which 7,522,685 are issued and outstanding, par value $0.00001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). At the
closing of this Offering, assuming only the Target Offering Amount is sold, 10,122,360 shares of Common Stock
and 7,522,685 shares of Preferred Stock will be issued and outstanding.

The Company is authorized to issue 7,544,422 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share. The First
Series Seed of Preferred Stock consists of 3,399,705 shares. The Second Series Seed of Preferred Stock
consists of 1,118,756 shares. The Third Series Seed of Preferred Stock consists of 3,025,961 shares.

As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, 3,399,705 shares of the First Series Seed of Preferred Stock, 1,118,756 shares
of the Second Series Seed of Preferred Stock, and 3,004,224 shares of the Third Series Seed of Preferred
Stock are issued and outstanding.

Outstanding Capital Stock
As of the date of this Form C, the Company's outstanding capital stock consists of:

                              Type                   Common Stock
                                                        10,122,360
                   Amount Outstanding                    $0.00001

                    Par Value Per Share              1 vote per share
                                                             No
                        Voting Rights                       N/A

                    Anti-Dilution Rights                   55.6%

 How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
     Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF

   Percentage ownership of the Company by the
holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

       to the Offering if convertible securities).

          Type                                       First Series Seed Preferred Stock
Amount Outstanding                                                3,399,705
Par Value Per Share                                                $0.00001

    Voting Rights                                              1 vote per share
Anti-Dilution Rights                                                   No
  

                                                                Pro Rata
                                                                        N/A
                                         Other Rights
                                                                      18.67%
                  How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
                      Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF

                    Percentage ownership of the Company by the
                holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

                        to the Offering if convertible securities).

                              Type                                    Second Series Seed Preferred Stock
                                                                                     1,118,756
                   Amount Outstanding                                                 $0.00001

                    Par Value Per Share                                           1 vote per share
                                                                                         No
                        Voting Rights
                                                                                      Pro Rata
                    Anti-Dilution Rights                                                 N/A

                        Other Rights                                                   6.14%

 How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
     Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF

   Percentage ownership of the Company by the
holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

       to the Offering if convertible securities).

                              Type                                    Third Series Seed Preferred Stock
                                                                                    3,004,224
                   Amount Outstanding                                                $0.00001

                    Par Value Per Share                                          1 vote per share
                                                                                         No
                        Voting Rights
                                                                                     Pro Rata
                    Anti-Dilution Rights                                                N/A

                        Other Rights                                                  16.49%

 How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
     Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF

   Percentage ownership of the Company by the
holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

       to the Offering if convertible securities).

Outstanding Options, SAFEs, Convertible Notes, Warrants *
As of the date of this Form C, the Company has the following additional securities outstanding:

          Type                                                        SAFE 1
Amount Outstanding                                                    $450,000
  

                                                                                  1 vote per share
                                                                                               No
                                         Voting Rights
                                     Anti-Dilution Rights                Post-Money Valuation Cap: $18,500,000
                                                                                        Discount: 20%
                                        Material Terms
                                                                                              N/A -
                  How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
                      Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF                               2.4%

                    Percentage ownership of the Company by the
                holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

                        to the Offering if convertible securities).

                              Type                                                          SAFE 2
                                                                                            $150,000
                   Amount Outstanding                                                   1 vote per share

                        Voting Rights                                                          No
                                                                         Post-Money Valuation Cap: $15,000,000
                    Anti-Dilution Rights
                                                                                               N/A
                       Material Terms
                                                                                               1%
 How this security may limit, dilute or qualify the
     Security issued pursuant to Regulation CF

   Percentage ownership of the Company by the
holders of such security (assuming conversion prior

       to the Offering if convertible securities).

*Summary of Restricted Stock Award compensation arrangements1

    Beginning Shares Granted        2022                                           2021
                                 9,921,494                                      9,921,494
    Granted during the Period
                                      -                                              -
         Cumulative Vested       9,921,494                                      9,343,059
                                                                                9,921,494
Total Cumulative Shares Granted  9,921,494                                       569,685
          for Compensation

Ending Shares Remaining to Vest                                       -

Outstanding Debt

As of the date of this Form C, the Company has the following debt outstanding:

                    Type                                                 Founder Promissory Note
                  Creditor                                                   Nicholas Mathews

1 The total amount recorded as equity incentive expense was $156,879 and $515,103 for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in Operating Expenses
  



            Amount Outstanding                             $92,797
Interest Rate and Amortization Schedule                     2.42%
                                                             None
          Description of Collateral                          None
            Other Material Terms                     December 31, 2024
                 Maturity Date                           April, 2019
              Date Entered Into

Ownership

The table below lists the beneficial owners of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Company's outstanding voting
equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, are listed along with the amount they own.

Name              Amount and Type or Class Held Percentage Ownership (in terms
Nicholas Mathews                                                 of voting power)

                  Common Stock - 4,500,000           26%

                  Series Seed 1 Preferred- 185,839

                  Series Seed 2 Preferred - 550,357

                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Please see the financial information listed on the cover page of this Form C and attached hereto in addition to
the following information. Financial statements are attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

As of October 31, 2022 the Company had an aggregate of $205,000 in cash and cash equivalents, leaving the
Company with approximately 2.5 months of runway. Runway is calculated by dividing cash-on-hand by average
monthly net loss (if any).

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The proceeds from the Offering are essential to our operations. We plan to use the proceeds as set forth above under
the section titled "Use of Proceeds", which is an indispensable element of our business strategy.

The Company currently does not have any additional outside sources of capital other than the proceeds from the
Offering.

Capital Expenditures and Other Obligations

The Company does not intend to make any material capital expenditures in the near future.

Valuation

Although the Securities provide certain terms, which may include a valuation cap, the Company has ascribed no
pre-Offering valuation to the Company; the Securities are priced arbitrarily and the Company makes no
representations as to the reasonableness of any specified valuation cap.

Trends and Uncertainties
  



After reviewing the above discussion of the steps the Company intends to take, potential Investors should consider
whether achievement of each step within the estimated time frame will be realistic in their judgment. Potential
Investors should also assess the consequences to the Company of any delays in taking these steps and whether the
Company will need additional financing to accomplish them.

Please see the financial statements attached as Exhibit A for subsequent events and applicable disclosures.

Material Changes and Other Information

N/A

Previous Offerings of Securities

We have made the following issuances of securities within the last three years:

Security Type        Principal     Amount of       Use of    Issue Date    Exemption
                    Amount of      Securities    Proceeds                      from
                  Securities Sold
                                     Issued     Operations,                Registration
                                                  Product                    Used or
                                                                              Public
                                               Development                   Offering

Preferred Series  $3,601,994.40    4,518,461    Operations   June 19, 2019 Reg D 506(b)
      Seed                         3,004,224

Preferred Series  $2,749,086.51         0                    February 16,  Reg D 506(b)
     Seed 2         $450,000                                     2021
                    $150,000            0
     Simple                                    Operations    May 26, 2022 Reg D 506(b)
Agreement for
 Future Equity                                 Operations October 7, 2022 Reg D 506(b)

     Simple
Agreement for
 Future Equity

See the section titled "Capitalization and Ownership" for more information regarding the securities issued in our
previous offerings of securities.

               TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

From time to time the Company may engage in transactions with related persons. Related persons are defined as any
director or officer of the Company; any person who is the beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the
Company's outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power; any promoter of the
Company; any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons or an entity controlled by any such person
or persons. Additionally, the Company will disclose here any transaction since the beginning of the issuer's last
fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, to which the issuer was or is to be a party and the amount involved
exceeds five percent (5%) of the aggregate amount of capital raised by the issuer in reliance on section 4(a)(6),
including the Target Offering Amount of this Offering, and the counter party is either (i) any director or officer of
the issuer; (ii) any person who is, as of the most recent practicable date but no earlier than 120 days prior to the date
the offering statement or report is filed, the beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the issuer's
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power; (iii) if the issuer was incorporated or
organized within the past three years, any promoter of the issuer; or (iv) any member of the family of any of the
foregoing persons, which includes a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse or spousal
equivalent, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, and
shall include adoptive relationships. The term spousal equivalent means a cohabitant occupying a relationship
generally equivalent to that of a spouse.
  



                The Company has conducted the following transactions with related persons:

                In October 2018, the Company received the principal amount of $17,797 in a promissory note with its CEO
                and founder, Nicholas Mathews. The note accrues interest at a rate of 2.42% per annum and the principal
                and interest is due on December 31, 2024.

                In April 2019, the Company received the principal amount of $75,000 in a promissory note with its CEO and
                founder, Nicholas Mathews. The note accrues interest at a rate of 2.42% per annum and the principal and
                interest is due on December 31, 2024.

                The Company recognized $2,285 and $2,231 in interest expense on these notes for the years ended June 30,
                2022 and 2021, respectively.
  



                                                                            TAX MATTERS

                EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN TAX AND ERISA
                ADVISOR AS TO THE PARTICULAR CONSEQUENCES TO THE INVESTOR OF THE PURCHASE,
                OWNERSHIP AND SALE OF THE INVESTOR'S SECURITIES, AS WELL AS POSSIBLE CHANGES IN
                THE TAX LAWS.

                TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE
                SERVICE, WE INFORM YOU THAT ANY TAX STATEMENT IN THIS FORM C CONCERNING
                UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXES IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT
                BE USED, BY ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY TAX-RELATED PENALTIES
                UNDER THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN
                CONCERNING UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXES WAS WRITTEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE
                MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS TO WHICH THE
                STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S
                PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR.

                Potential Investors who are not United States residents are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the
                United States federal income tax implications of any investment in the Company, as well as the taxation of
                such investment by their country of residence. Furthermore, it should be anticipated that distributions from
                the Company to such foreign investors may be subject to United States withholding tax.

                EACH POTENTIAL INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISOR CONCERNING
                THE POSSIBLE IMPACT OF STATE TAXES.

                                                                          LEGAL MATTERS

                Any Investor should consult with its own counsel and advisors in evaluating an investment in the Offering and
                conduct independent due diligence.

                The Company has certified that all of the following statements are TRUE for the Company in connection with
                this Offering:

                      (1) Is organized under, and subject to, the laws of a State or territory of the United States or the District of
                           Columbia;

                      (2) Is not subject to the requirement to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
                           Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d));

                      (3) Is not an investment company, as defined in Section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the
                           "Investment Company Act")(15 U.S.C. 80a-3), or excluded from the definition of investment company by
                           Section 3(b) or Section 3(c) of the Investment Company Act (15 U.S.C. 80a-3(b) or 80a-3(c));

                      (4) Is not ineligible to offer or sell securities in reliance on Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the
                           "Securities Act") (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6)) as a result of a disqualification as specified in § 227.503(a);

                      (5) Has filed with the SEC and provided to investors, to the extent required, any ongoing annual reports
                           required by law during the two years immediately preceding the filing of this Form C; and

                      (6) Has a specific business plan, which is not to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified
                           company or companies.

                Bad Actor Disclosure

                The Company is not subject to any bad actor disqualifications under any relevant U.S. securities laws.

                The Company is not subject to any matters that would have triggered disqualification but occurred prior to May 16,
                2016.

                Ongoing Reporting

                Following the first sale of the Securities, the Company will file a report electronically with the Securities &
                Exchange Commission annually and post the report on its website, no later than 120 days after the end of the
                Company's fiscal year.
  



                Once posted, the annual report may be found on the Company's website at Mainvest.com/investorrelations

                The Company must continue to comply with the ongoing reporting requirements until:
                      (1) the Company is required to file reports under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
                      (2) the Company has filed at least three annual reports pursuant to Regulation CF and has total assets that do
                           not exceed $10,000,000;
                      (3) the Company has filed at least one annual report pursuant to Regulation CF and has fewer than 300 holders
                           of record;
                      (4) the Company or another party repurchases all of the Securities issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(6) of the
                           Securities Act, including any payment in full of debt securities or any complete redemption of redeemable
                           securities; or
                      (5) the Company liquidates or dissolves its business in accordance with applicable state law.

                Neither the Company nor any of its predecessors (if any) previously failed to comply with the ongoing reporting
                requirement of Regulation CF.

                                                                  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

                The summaries of, and references to, various documents in this Form C do not purport to be complete and in each
                instance reference should be made to the copy of such document which is either an appendix to this Form C or
                which will be made available to Investors and their professional advisors upon request.

                Prior to making an investment decision regarding the Securities described herein, prospective Investors should
                carefully review and consider this entire Form C. The Company is prepared to furnish, upon request, a copy of the
                forms of any documents referenced in this Form C. The Company's representatives will be available to discuss with
                prospective Investors and their representatives and advisors, if any, any matter set forth in this Form C or any other
                matter relating to the Securities described in this Form C, so that prospective Investors and their representatives and
                advisors, if any, may have available to them all information, financial and otherwise, necessary to formulate a
                well-informed investment decision. Additional information and materials concerning the Company will be made
                available to prospective Investors and their representatives and advisors, if any, at a mutually convenient location
                upon reasonable request
  



                                                                              SIGNATURE
                           Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 4(a)(6) and 4A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation
                Crowdfunding (§ 227.100 et seq.), the issuer certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
                requirements for filing on Form C and has duly caused this Form to be signed on its behalf by the duly authorized
                undersigned.

                                                                                       /s/
                                                                                       (Signature)

                                                                                       Nicholas Mathews
                                                                                       (Name)

                                                                                       CEO, MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
                                                                                       (Title)

                           Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 4(a)(6) and 4A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation
                Crowdfunding (§ 227.100 et seq.), this Form C has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
                dates indicated.

                                                                                       /s/
                                                                                       (Signature)

                                                                                       Nicholas Mathews
                                                                                       (Name)

                                                                                       CEO, MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
                                                                                       (Title)

                                                                                                      
                                                                                       (Date)
  



        /s/
        (Signature)

        Robert Hoyt
        (Name)

        Director of Operations, MAINVEST HOLDINGS
        CORP.
        (Title)

         
        (Date)

        /s/
        (Signature)

        Isabel Strobing
        (Name)

        Director of Marketing, MAINVEST HOLDINGS
        CORP
        (Title)

         
        (Date)

        /s/
        (Signature)
  



                               Ben Blieden
                               (Name)

                               Board of Directors, MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
                               (Title)

                               
                               (Date)

Instructions.

1.  The form shall be signed by the issuer, its principal executive officer or officers, its principal financial

officer, its controller or principal accounting officer and at least a majority of the board of directors or persons

performing similar functions.

2.  The name of each person signing the form shall be typed or printed beneath the signature. Intentional

misstatements or omissions of facts constitute federal criminal violations. See 18 U.S.C. 1001.
  



                                                                               EXHIBIT A
                                                                          Financial Statements
  



                       Mainvest Holdings Corp.

                                          Financial Statements and Report
                                                June 30, 2022 and 2021
  



                                     Table of Contents

          Independent Accountant's Review Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
          Balance Sheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
          Statement of Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
          Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
          Statement of Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
          Notes to the Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
  



                                      Independent Accountant's Review Report

          Nicholas Mathews
          Mainvest Holdings Corp.
          Salem, MA

          We have reviewed the accompanying financial statements of Mainvest Holdings Corp. (the company), which
          comprise the balance sheets as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, changes in
          stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial
          statements. A review includes primarily applying analytical procedures to management's financial data and
          making inquiries of the company's management. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit, the
          objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements as a whole. Accordingly,
          we do not express such an opinion.

          Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements
          Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in
          accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the
          design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
          presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.

          Accountant's Responsibility
          Our responsibility is to conduct the review engagements in accordance with Statements on Standards for
          Accounting and Review Services promulgated by the Accounting and Review Services Committee of the
          AICPA. Those standards require us to perform procedures to obtain limited assurance as a basis for reporting
          whether we are aware of any material modifications that should be made to the financial statements for
          them to be in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
          We believe that the results of our procedures provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.
          We are required to be independent of Mainvest Holdings Corp. (the Company) and to meet our other ethical
          responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our reviews.

                                                                             2
  



          Accountant's Conclusion
          Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the
          accompanying financial statements in order for them to be in accordance with accounting principles
          generally accepted in the United States of America.
          Substantial Doubt About the Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
          The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the company will continue as a
          going concern. As discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements, the company has suffered recurring
          losses from operations and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the company's ability to continue
          as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management's plans
          regarding these matters are also described in Note 12. The financial statements do not include any
          adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our conclusion is not modified with
          respect to this matter.

          ______________________________________
          Philip Debaugh, CPA
          OWINGS MILLS, MD
          September 21, 2022

                                                                             3
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                        Balance Sheet(Unaudited)
                                                      As of June 30, 2022 and 2021

                                                          Note                      2022         2021
                                                                                        $            $

Assets

Current Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                                 2                         353,205      1,789,235
                                                                                     42,336         23,154
Receivables                                               1.h                        19,990         15,000

Deposits                                                  3                         415,531      1,827,389

Total Current Assets

  Noncurrent Assets                                       4                         4,251        4,584
    Domain name, net
                                                                                    4,251        4,584
  Total Noncurrent Assets
Total Assets                                                                        419,782      1,831,973

Liabilities & Stockholders' Equity                        5                         85,519       41,851
  Liabilities
    Current Liabilities                                                             85,519       41,851
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses
    Total Current Liabilities

Noncurrent Liabilities

Debt, noncurrent                                          6                          94,543       94,543
                                                                                    450,000               -
Simple Agreement for Future Equity (SAFEs)                8                         544,543
                                                                                    630,062       94,543
Total Noncurrent Liabilities                                                                     136,394
                                                                                          75
Total Liabilities                                                                                      75
                                                                                         101
Stockholders' Equity                                                                                  100

Preferred stock; 7,522,685 issued and outstanding as of   10

June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively; $0.00001 par value

Common stock; 10,122,360 and 10,024,998 issued and        10

outstanding as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively;

$0.00001 par value

Additional paid-in capital - Stock Compensation           9                         2,046,942    1,890,063
                                                                                    4,968,596    4,950,098
Additional paid-in capital                                                          (7,225,994)  (5,144,757)
                                                                                      (210,280)  1,695,579
Accumulated Deficit                                                                              1,831,973
                                                                                       419,782
Total Stockholders' Equity

Total Liabilities & Stockholders' Equity

                                                 4

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



           Mainvest Holdings Corp.
     Statement of Income (Unaudited)
For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

Gross Profit (Loss)                                          Note         2022           2021
  Revenues                                                    1.k              $              $
  Cost of Revenues                                            1.l
                                                               9      497,978        367,805
Gross Profit (Loss)                                                   381,185        350,496
Operating Expenses                                             4      116,793
                                                               6                      17,309
  Salaries, benefits, payroll taxes and equity compensation    7   1,386,337
  Communications and information technology                           159,679     1,544,772
  Advertising and promotion                                           240,197        145,504
  Legal and other professional fees and services                      201,654        425,871
  Insurance                                                           156,804        362,975
  Rent                                                                 27,202        132,851
  Office supplies                                                        7,061        27,744
  Memberships and licenses                                               6,468        17,477
  Travel                                                                 5,952          6,375
  Utilities                                                              5,302        21,369
  Meals and entertainment                                                1,321          3,642
  Other operating expense                                                2,517          7,597
  Amortization                                                             333        13,630
Total Operating Expenses                                                                  333
Operating Income (Loss)                                            2,200,827
Other Income (expense)                                             (2,084,034)    2,710,140
  Interest expense                                                                (2,692,831)
  Gain on PPP loan debt extinguishment                                  (2,285)
  Other income                                                                 -       (2,231)
Total Other Income (expense)                                                         145,255
Net Income (Loss)                                                        5,082
                                                                         2,797          8,145
                                                                   (2,081,237)       151,169
                                                                                  (2,541,662)

                                                                 5

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                     Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited)

                                              For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

                                                Additional APIC - Stock                           Total

                       Preferred    Common      Paid-In Compensati Accumulate Stockholder
                            stock       Stock
                                 $           $  Capital  on d Deficit s' Equity
                              45           99
                                                $        $                                     $  $

Balance at July 1,                              2,203,025 1,374,960 (2,603,095) 975,034
2020

Net loss               -            -           -                        (2,541,662) (2,541,662)

Issuance of 93,504     -            1           17,765                                         -  17,766

shares of common

stock for exercise of

stock options

Stock compensation     -            -           -        515,103                               - 515,103
                                                                                               - 2,729,338
expense

Issuance of 3,004,224  30           - 2,729,308

shares of Preferred

Stock

Balance at June 30,    75           100 4,950,098 1,890,063 (5,144,757) 1,695,579
2021

Net loss               -            -           -                        (2,081,237) (2,081,237)
Issuance of 97,362
shares of common       -            1           18,498                                         -  18,499
stock for exercise of
stock options          -            -           - 156,879                                      - 156,879
Stock compensation
expense

Balance at June 30,    75           101 4,968,596 2,046,942 (3,063,520) 3,952,194
2022

                                                                 6

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



           Mainvest Holdings Corp.
   Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited)
For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

Cash Flows                                                                        2022           2021
  Cash Flows From Operating Activities                                                 $              $
    Net income (loss)
    Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by     (2,081,237)    (2,541,662)
    (Used in) Operating Activities
      (Gain) on PPP forgiveness                                                        -    (145,255)
      Depreciation and amortization                                                333            333
      Share based compensation                                                156,879
    Total Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash              157,212        515,103
    Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities                                               370,181
    (Increase) decrease in operating assets, net of effects of businesses     (19,182)
    acquired                                                                    (4,990)      (23,154)
      Accounts receivable                                                                    (15,000)
      Deposits                                                                 43,668
    Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities, net of effects of        (1,904,529)        40,362
    businesses acquired                                                                   (2,169,273)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                         -
  Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities                         450,000     2,729,338
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities                                                                -
    Proceeds from issuance of Preferred Stock                                  18,499
    Proceeds from issuance of SAFE's                                          468,499         17,766
    Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                (1,436,030)    2,747,104
  Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities                      1,789,235
  Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash      353,205        577,831
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year                        1,211,404
                                                                                          1,789,235
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at End of Year

                                                                 7

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



                           Notes to the Financial Statements
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021
          1. Summary of significant accounting policies

               a. Nature of operations

               Mainvest Holdings Corp. (the Company) is the parent company of Mainvest, Inc., an investment platform
               that connects brick & mortar businesses with investors to enable communities to decide which
               entrepreneurs received the capital they need. The Company is a funding portal registered with the US
               Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
               (FINRA).

               The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2018.

               b. Basis of accounting

               The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
               in the United States of America ("GAAP") as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board's
               Accounting Standards Codification. The financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of
               accounting.

               c. Principles of consolidation

               The financial statements include the accounts of Mainvest Holdings Corp. and its wholly-owned
               subsidiary, Mainvest, Inc. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
               consolidation.

               d. Use of estimates

               The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
               in the United States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
               affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
               the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
               reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.

               e. Fair value measurements

               Generally accepted accounting principles define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an
               asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the

                                                                             8

           See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                                      statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

               measurement date (exit price) and such principles also establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
               inputs used to measure fair value using the following definitions (from highest to lowest priority):

               · Level 1 ­ Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for
               identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.

               · Level 2 ­ Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for
               the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
               active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active;
               or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
               other means.

               · Level 3 ­ Prices or valuation techniques requiring inputs that are both significant to the fair value
               measurement and unobservable.

               The carrying amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying balance sheets approximate
               their fair values due to their relatively short-term nature.

               f. Cash and cash equivalents

               Cash and cash equivalents includes short-term investments and highly liquid investments in money
               market instruments which are carried at the lower of cost and market value with a maturity date of three
               months or less from the acquisition date. These are valued at cost which approximates market value.

               g. Concentration of credit risk

               The Company maintains its cash with major financial institutions, which it believes to be credit worthy.
               The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures balances up to $250,000. At times, the Company may
               maintain balances in excess of the federally insured limits.

               h. Receivables

               Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value or the amount that the Company expects to
               collect on gross customer receivables. Receivables are written-off when it is probable that all contractual
               payments due will not be collected in accordance with the terms of the customer agreement. As of June
               30, 2022, and June 30, 2021, the Company had not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts.

                                                                             9

           See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                                      statements.
  



                                 Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                            Notes to the Financial Statements
                      For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

i. Intangible assets

Intangible assets are stated at their historical cost and an adjustment is made for any impairment.
Intangible items acquired must be recognized as assets separately from goodwill if they meet the
definition of an asset, are either separable or arise from contractual or other legal rights, and their fair
value can be measured reliably. Intangible assets consist of domain name costs that have been capitalized
and are presented net of accumulated amortization. The Company amortizes its domain name asset
ratably over a 15-year useful life.

The Company reviews its long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be
recoverable. If such an event or change in circumstances is present, the Company will estimate the
undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.
If the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the related asset,
the Company will record the asset at fair value and recognize an impairment loss in operating income.

j. Income taxes

The Company applies ASC 740 Income Taxes ("ASC 740"). Deferred income taxes are recognized for the
tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
financial statement reported amounts at each period end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax
rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be
realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax expense for the period, if any and the change
during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. ASC 740 also provides criteria for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions. A tax benefit from an uncertain
position is recognized only if it is "more likely than not" that the position is sustainable upon examination
by the relevant taxing authority based on its technical merit. The Company is subject to tax filing
requirements as a corporation in the federal jurisdiction of the United States.

The Company uses a June 30 year end for income tax reporting purposes and files a Corporate tax return
annually. The Company's provision for income taxes is based on the asset and liability method of
accounting whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in

                                                                10

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

               tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets and
               liabilities are related to differences in calculating depreciation on fixed assets, timing of deductions for
               certain accrued expenses, and taxes related to net operating losses. The Company sustained net
               operating losses during fiscal years 2021 and 2022. Net operating losses will be carried forward to reduce
               taxable income in future years. As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating
               loss carryovers of $6,525,124 and $4,683,883, respectively. Due to management's uncertainty as to the
               timing and valuation of any benefits associated with the net operating loss carryforwards, the Company
               has elected to record a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets. The Company intends to
               continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to
               support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances.

               The Company files tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction and is subject to franchise and
               income tax filing requirements in the States of Delaware and Massachusetts.

               k. Revenue recognition

               ASC Topic 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" establishes principles for reporting information
               about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from the entity's
               contracts to provide goods or services to customers. Revenues are recognized when control of the
               promised goods or services are transferred to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration
               that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.

               The Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue
               to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 1) identify the contract with a
               customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4)
               allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue as the
               performance obligation is satisfied.

               The Company primarily derives revenues from flat and variable fees based on the amount invested in an
               offering. The Company recognizes revenue once a campaign has reached an agreed-upon minimum
               funding amount. The Company also recognizes income on services provided through a campaign as those
               services are provided.

               l. Cost of revenues

               Cost of revenues consists of payroll costs, software subscription fees, hosting expenses, bad actor checks

                                                                            11

           See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                                      statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

               and other costs to provide services to issuers and run the platform.

          2. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    2022           2021
  Business checking deposit accounts                                                              $             $
  Money market accounts
                                                                                         349,711       606,970
Total                                                                                       3,494    1,182,265
                                                                                                     1,789,235
3. Deposits                                                                              353,205

The Company maintains a deposit balance with their agent to cover transaction funds for the purpose of
covering charge-backs and ACH returns that happen in the normal course of business.
4. Domain name

The Company's domain name intangible asset consists of the following as of June 30, 2022 and 2021:

Domain name                                                                               2022        2021
Accumulated amortization                                                                       $           $
Domain name, net
                                                                                         5,000       5,000
                                                                                          (749)       (416)
                                                                                         4,251       4,584

Amortization expense over the next five years is as follows:

                                                                12

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  

                                                                                                   $

                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.                     333
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements                333
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021              333
                                                                                                     333
          2023                                                                                       333
          2024                                                                                     1,665
          2025
          2026
          2027
          Total

          5. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                       2022      2021
  Trade accounts payable                                                                        $         $
  Accrued credit card liabilities
  Interest payable                                                                       71,787     5,864
                                                                                         11,447    33,756
Total
                                                                                          2,285     2,231
6. Related party debt                                                                    85,519    41,851

In October 2018, the Company received the principal amount of $17,797 in a promissory note with its CEO
and founder, Nicholas Mathews. The note accrues interest at a rate of 2.42% per annum and the principal
and interest is due on December 31, 2024.

In April 2019, the Company received the principal amount of $75,000 in a promissory note with its CEO and
founder, Nicholas Mathews. The note accrues interest at a rate of 2.42% per annum and the principal and
interest is due on December 31, 2024.

The Company recognized $2,285 and $2,231 in interest expense on these notes for the years ended June 30,
2022 and 2021, respectively.

7. PPP Loan

On April 28, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds in the amount of $145,255 under the Paycheck
                                                                 13

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                           statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

          Protection Program (PPP) which was established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security
          (CARES) Act and is administered through the Small Business Administration (SBA). During fiscal year 2021,
          the Company received notification from the SBA that they had been granted full forgiveness of the loan and
          has recorded forgiveness of the principal and accrued interest as Other Income for the year ended June 30,
          2021.

          8. SAFE notes

          In May 2022, the Company issued Simple Agreements for Future Equity ("SAFE's") to five investors totaling
          $450,000. Included in this issuance was $150,000 issued to the Company's founder and CEO. The SAFEs are
          automatically convertible into SAFE Preferred Stock on the completion of an equity financing. have a
          conversion price is the lesser of 80% of the price per share of Stock received by the Company in an equity
          financing or the price per share equal to the quotient of a post-money valuation of $18,500,000 divided by
          the aggregate number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding immediately prior to the initial
          closing of an equity financing assuming full conversion or exercise of outstanding stock options and Notes.

          As of June 30, 2022, the SAFE agreement had not been converted into equity, nor had any terminated or
          expired based on the terms of the agreements. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had $450,000 of SAFE
          obligations outstanding.

          9. Equity incentive plans

          The Company's Board of Directors adopted a Stock Option and Grant Plan during 2018. The maximum
          number of shares that may be issued under the plan is 1,500,000 shares of the Company's common
          stock. The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no Stock Option shall be
          exercisable more than ten years from the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted
          to a Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock Option shall be no more than five years from the Grant Date.

          As part of the Stock Option and Grant Plan, the Company also granted the Board of Directors the authority
          to issue Restricted Stock Awards. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be
          determined by the Board of Directors, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual awards
          and grantees.

          The Company accounts for stock options under ASC 718 (Stock Compensation). Under ASC 718, share-based
          compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and is
          recognized as an item of expense ratably over the employee's requisite vesting period.

                                                                            14

           See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                                      statements.
  



                                                         Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                                             For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

          There is not a viable market for the Company's common stock to determine its fair value, therefore
          management is required to estimate the fair value to be utilized in the determining stock-based
          compensation costs. In estimating the fair value, management considers recent sales of its common stock to
          independent qualified investors, placement agents' assessments of the underlying common shares relating
          to our sale of preferred stock and validation by independent fair value experts. Considerable management
          judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from
          management's estimates.

          The Company's stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model with a range of inputs
          indicated below:

Expected life (years)                                  June 30, 2022  June 30, 2021
Risk-free interest rate
Expected volatility                                    7.45           8.36
Annual dividend yield                                  3.00%          1.01%
Fair value of stock option                             75%            63%
                                                       0              0
                                                       $0.13          $0.12

The risk-free interest rate assumption for options granted is based upon observed interest rates on the
United States government securities appropriate for the expected term of the Company's employee stock
options. The expected term of employee stock options is based on the expiration date of the grants. The
Company determined the expected volatility assumption for options granted using the historical volatility of
comparable public company's common stock. The Company will continue to monitor peer companies and
other relevant factors used to measure expected volatility for future stock option grants, until such time that
the Company's common stock has enough market history to use historical volatility. The dividend yield
assumption for options granted is based on the Company's history and expectation of dividend payouts. The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock, and the Company does not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

A summary of stock option activity is provided below:

                                                                15

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                          statements.
  



           Mainvest Holdings Corp.
      Notes to the Financial Statements
For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

Outstanding at beginning of the year  Total Options      Weighted         Aggregate      Weighted
Granted                                                    Average   Intrinsic Value       Average
Exercised                                  821,107
Expired/Cancelled                          938,202   Exercise Price          32,004     Remaining
Outstanding at June 30, 2021                                                        -  Contractual
Exercisable Options at June 30, 2021         93,504            0.16                 -
                                           487,798             0.20                 -          Term
                                         1,178,007             0.19
                                           210,715             0.20          31,418            9.31
                                                               0.17          16,978            9.63
                                                               0.12                            8.30
                                                                                               9.13
                                                                                               9.03
                                                                                               8.36

Outstanding at beginning of the year  Total Options      Weighted         Aggregate      Weighted
Granted                                                    Average   Intrinsic Value       Average
Exercised                                1,178,007
Expired/Cancelled                          339,576   Exercise Price          31,418     Remaining
Outstanding at June 30, 2022                 97,362                                 -  Contractual
Exercisable Options at June 30, 2022       638,757             0.17                 -
                                           781,464             0.20                 -          Term
                                           491,699             0.19
                                                               0.20          29,288            9.03
                                                               0.16          25,284            8.11
                                                               0.15                            8.18
                                                                                               9.15
                                                                                               8.73
                                                                                               8.28

A summary of Restricted Stock Award compensation arrangements is provided below:

Beginning shares granted                                                    2022              2021
Granted during the period
Cumulative Vested                                                    9,921,494         9,921,494
Total Cumulative Shares Granted for Compensation                                -                 -
Ending Shares Remaining to vest
                                                                     9,921,494         9,343,059
                                                                     9,921,494         9,921,494

                                                                                -        569,685

The total amount recorded as equity incentive expense was $156,879 and $515,103 for the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in Operating Expenses.

                                                                 16

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                           statements.
  



                                     Mainvest Holdings Corp.
                                Notes to the Financial Statements
                          For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

10. Stockholders' equity

The Company is authorized to issue 21,660,000 shares of common shares with par value of $0.00001. As of
June 30, 2022, and 2021, 10,122,360 and 10,024,998 shares have been issued and are outstanding,
respectively.

The Company is authorized to issue 7,544,422 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share. The
First Series Seed of Preferred Stock consist of 3,399,705 shares. The Second Series Seed of Preferred Stock
consist of 1,118,756 shares. The Third Series Seed of Preferred Stock consist of 3,025,961 shares.

As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, 3,399,705 shares of the First Series Seed of Preferred Stock, 1,118,756 shares
of the Second Series Seed of Preferred Stock, and 3,004,224 shares of the Third Series Seed of Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding.

11. Commitments and contingencies

The Company may be subject to pending legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of
business. The Company is not currently involved with and does not know of any pending or threatening
litigation against the Company.

12. Going concern

These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization
of assets and the payment of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. As shown in the accompanying
financial statements, the Company has sustained operating losses to date and these conditions create a
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the year following the date
the financial statements are available to be issued. Management of the Company has evaluated these
conditions and has proposed a plan to raise capital via a crowdfunding campaign. The ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern and meet its obligations as they become due is dependent on management's
ability to successfully implement the plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

13. Subsequent events

Management evaluated all activity of the Company through September 21, 2022 (the issuance date of
the financial statements) and concluded that no subsequent events have occurred that would require
recognition in the financial statements or disclosure in the related notes to the financial statements.

                                                                 17

See independent accountant's review report. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
                                                           statements.
  



                                                                               EXHIBIT B
                                                                             Form of Security
  



               THIS INSTRUMENT HAS BEEN ISSUED PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(A)(6) OF THE SECURITIES
               ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND NEITHER IT NOR ANY
               SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
               SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT
               BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT
               AS PERMITTED BY RULE 501 OF REGULATION CROWDFUNDING UNDER THE SECURITIES
               ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
               REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.

               IF THE INVESTOR LIVES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, IT IS THE INVESTOR'S
               RESPONSIBILITY TO FULLY OBSERVE THE LAWS OF ANY RELEVANT TERRITORY OR
               JURISDICTION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUBSCRIPTION
               OF THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING OBTAINING REQUIRED GOVERNMENTAL OR OTHER
               CONSENTS OR OBSERVING ANY OTHER REQUIRED LEGAL OR OTHER FORMALITIES. THE
               COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DENY THE SUBSCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES BY
               ANY FOREIGN SUBSCRIBER.

                                                         MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.

                                                                      Crowd SAFE
                                            (Crowdfunding Simple Agreement for Future Equity)

                                                                        Series 2022

                         THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by [Investor Name] (the "Investor", and
               together with all other Series 2022 Crowd SAFE holders, "Investors") of $[________] (the "Subscription
               Amount") on or about [Date of Crowd SAFE], MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP., a Delaware corporation
               (the "Company"), hereby issues to the Investor the right to certain shares of the Company's Capital Stock
               (defined below), subject to the terms set forth below.

                         The "Valuation Cap" is $15,000,000.

                         See Section 2 for certain additional defined terms.

               1. Events

                         (a) Equity Financing.

                                  (i) If an Equity Financing occurs before this instrument terminates in accordance with
               Sections 1(b)-(d) ("First Equity Financing"), the Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the
               closing of the First Equity Financing and of the Company's discretionary decision to either (1) continue the
               term of this Crowd SAFE without converting the Subscription Amount to Capital Stock; or (2) issue to the
               Investor a number of shares of the Capital Stock (whether Preferred Stock or another class issued by the
               Company) sold in the First Equity Financing. The number of shares of Capital Stock shall equal the quotient
               obtained by dividing (x) the Subscription Amount by (y) the First Equity Financing Price (as defined
               below).

                                                                        1
  



                                  (ii) If the Company elects to continue the term of this Crowd SAFE past the First
               Equity Financing and another Equity Financing occurs before the termination of this Crowd SAFE in
               accordance with Sections 1(b)-(d) (each, a "Subsequent Equity Financing"), the Company shall promptly
               notify the Investor of the closing of the Subsequent Equity Financing and of the Company's discretionary
               decision to either (1) continue the term of this Crowd SAFE without converting the Investor's Subscription
               Amount to Capital Stock; or (2) issue to the Investor a number of shares of Capital Stock (whether Preferred
               Stock or another class issued by the Company) sold in the Subsequent Equity Financing. The number of
               shares of such Capital Stock shall equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Subscription Amount
               by (y) the First Equity Financing Price.

                         (b) Liquidity Event.

                                  (i) If there is a Liquidity Event before the termination of this instrument and before
               any Equity Financing, the Investor must select, at its option, within thirty (30) days of receiving notice
               (whether actual or constructive), either (1) to receive a cash payment equal to the Subscription Amount (or
               a lesser amount as described below) or (2) to receive from the Company a number of shares of Common
               Stock equal to the Subscription Amount (or a lesser amount as described below) divided by the Liquidity
               Price.

                                  (ii) If there is a Liquidity Event after one or more Equity Financings have occurred but
               before the termination of this instrument, each Investor must select, at its option, within thirty (30) days of
               receiving notice (whether actual or constructive), either (1) to receive a cash payment equal to the
               Subscription Amount (or a lesser amount as described below) or (2) to receive from the Company a number
               of shares of the most recent issued Capital Stock (whether Preferred Stock or another class issued by the
               Company) equal to the Subscription Amount divided by the First Equity Financing Price. Shares of Capital
               Stock granted in connection therewith shall have the same liquidation rights and preferences as the shares
               of Capital Stock issued in connection with the Company's most recent Equity Financing.

                                  (iii) If there are not enough funds to pay the Investor and holders of other Crowd SAFEs
               (collectively, the "Cash-Out Investors") in full, then all of the Company's available funds will be
               distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to their Subscription
               Amounts. In connection with this Section 1(b), the Subscription Amount (or a lesser amount as described
               below) will be due and payable by the Company to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with,
               the consummation of the Liquidity Event.

                         Not withstanding Section 1(b)(i)(2) or Section 1(b)(ii)(2), if the Company's board of directors
               determines in good faith that delivery of Capital Stock to the Investor pursuant to Section 1(b)(i)(2) or
               Section 1(b)(ii)(2) would violate applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Company shall deliver to
               Investor in lieu thereof, a cash payment equal to the fair market value of such Capital Stock, as determined
               in good faith by the Company's board of directors.

                         (c) Dissolution Event. If there is a Dissolution Event (defined below) before this
               instrument terminates in accordance with Section 1(a) or Section 1(b), subject to the preferences applicable
               to any series of Preferred Stock, the Company will distribute its entire assets legally available for
               distribution with equal priority among the (i) Investors (on an as converted basis based on a valuation of
               Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Company's board of directors at the time of Dissolution
               Event), (ii) all other holders of instruments sharing in the assets of the Company at the same priority as
               holders of Common Stock upon a Dissolution Event and (iii) and all holders of Common Stock.

                                                                        2
  



                         (d) Termination. This instrument will terminate (without relieving the Company or the
               Investor of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or non-compliance with this instrument) upon the
               earlier to occur: (i) the issuance of Capital Stock to the Investor pursuant to Section 1(a) or Section 1(b); or
               (ii) the payment, or setting aside for payment, of amounts due to the Investor pursuant to Section 1(b) or
               Section 1(c).

               2. Definitions

                         "Capital Stock" means the capital stock of the Company, including, without limitation, Common
               Stock and Preferred Stock.

                         "Change of Control" means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any "person"
               or "group" (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
               amended), becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
               1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
               Company having the right to vote for the election of members of the Company's board of directors, (ii) any
               reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of related
               transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to
               such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of
               related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting
               securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition
               of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

                         "Common Stock" means common stock, par value $0.00001per share, of the Company.

                         "Dissolution Event" means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for
               the benefit of the Company's creditors, (iii) the commencement of a case (whether voluntary or involuntary)
               seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code (the "Bankruptcy Code"), or (iv) any other
               liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or
               involuntary.

                         "Equity Financing" shall mean the next sale (or series of related sales) by the Company of its
               Capital Stock to one or more third parties following the date of this instrument from which the Company
               receives gross proceeds of not less than $1,000,000 cash or cash equivalent (excluding the conversion of
               any instruments convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Capital Stock, such as SAFEs or
               convertible promissory notes) with the principal purpose of raising capital.

                         "Equity Securities" shall mean Common Stock or Preferred Stock or any securities convertible
               into, exchangeable for or conferring the right to purchase (with or without additional consideration)
               Common Stock or Preferred Stock, except in each case, (i) any security granted, issued and/or sold by the
               Company to any director, officer, employee, advisor or consultant of the Company in such capacity for the
               primary purpose of soliciting or retaining his, her or its services, (ii) any convertible promissory notes issued
               by the Company, and (iii) any SAFEs issued.

                         "First Equity Financing Price" shall mean (x) if the pre-money valuation of the Company
               immediately prior to the First Equity Financing is less than or equal to the Valuation Cap, the lowest price
               per share of the Equity Securities sold in the First Equity Financing or (y) if the pre-money valuation of the
               Company immediately prior to the First Equity Financing is greater than the Valuation Cap, the SAFE
               Price.

                                                                        3
  



                         "Fully Diluted Capitalization" shall mean the aggregate number, as of immediately prior to the
               First Equity Financing, of issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock, assuming full conversion or
               exercise of all convertible and exercisable securities then outstanding, including shares of convertible
               Preferred Stock and all outstanding vested or unvested options or warrants to purchase Capital Stock, but
               excluding (i) the issuance of all shares of Capital Stock reserved and available for future issuance under
               any of the Company's existing equity incentive plans, (ii) convertible promissory notes issued by the
               Company, (iii) any SAFEs, and (iv) any equity securities that are issuable upon conversion of any
               outstanding convertible promissory notes or SAFEs.

                         "Intermediary" means OpenDeal Portal LLC, a registered securities crowdfunding portal
               CRD#283874, or a qualified successor.

                         "IPO" means: (A) the completion of an underwritten initial public offering of Capital Stock by the
               Company pursuant to: (I) a final prospectus for which a receipt is issued by a securities commission of the
               United States or of a province of Canada, or (II) a registration statement which has been filed with the
               United States Securities and Exchange Commission and is declared effective to enable the sale of Capital
               Stock by the Company to the public, which in each case results in such equity securities being listed and
               posted for trading or quoted on a recognized exchange; (B) the Company's initial listing of its Capital Stock
               (other than shares of Capital Stock not eligible for resale under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) on a
               national securities exchange by means of an effective registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the
               Company with the SEC that registers shares of existing capital stock of the Company for resale, as approved
               by the Company's board of directors, where such listing shall not be deemed to be an underwritten offering
               and shall not involve any underwriting services; or (C) the completion of a reverse merger or take-over
               whereby an entity (I) whose securities are listed and posted for trading or quoted on a recognized exchange,
               or (II) is a reporting issuer in the United States or the equivalent in any foreign jurisdiction, acquires all of
               the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Company..

                         "Liquidity Capitalization" means the number, as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event, of
               shares of the Company's capital stock (on an as-converted basis) outstanding, assuming exercise or
               conversion of all outstanding vested and unvested options, warrants and other convertible securities, but
               excluding: (i) shares of Capital Stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or
               similar plan; (ii) any SAFEs; (iii) convertible promissory notes; and (iv) any equity securities that are
               issuable upon conversion of any outstanding convertible promissory notes or SAFEs.

                         "Liquidity Event" means a Change of Control or an IPO.

                         "Liquidity Price" means the price per share equal to (x) the Valuation Cap divided by (y) the
               Liquidity Capitalization.

                         "Lock-up Period" means the period commencing on the date of the final prospectus relating to the
               Company's IPO, and ending on the date specified by the Company and the managing underwriter(s). Such
               period shall not exceed one hundred eighty (180) days, or such other period as may be requested by the
               Company or an underwriter to accommodate regulatory restrictions on (i) the publication or other
               distribution of research reports, and (ii) analyst recommendations and opinions.

                         "Preferred Stock" means the preferred stock of the Company.

                         "Regulation CF" means Regulation Crowdfunding promulgated under the Securities Act.

                                                                        4
  



                         "SAFE" means any simple agreement for future equity (or other similar agreement), including a
               Crowd SAFE, which is issued by the Company for bona fide financing purposes and which may convert
               into Capital Stock in accordance with its terms.

                         "SAFE Price" means the price per share equal to (x) the Valuation Cap divided by (y) the Fully
               Diluted Capitalization.

               3. Company Representations

                         (a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
               under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate
               its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.

                         (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this instrument is within the
               power of the Company and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to
               Investor, has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This instrument
               constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
               accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application
               relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and general principles of equity. To
               the knowledge of the Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current charter or bylaws; (ii) any material
               statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; or (iii) any material indenture or contract to which
               the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually,
               or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
               effect on the Company.

                         (c) The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this instrument
               do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company;
               (ii) result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by
               which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue
               of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorization
               applicable to the Company, its business or operations.

                         (d) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this
               instrument, other than: (i) the Company's corporate approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under
               applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization of shares of Capital
               Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.

                         (e) The Company shall, prior to the conversion of this instrument, reserve from its authorized
               but unissued shares of Capital Stock for issuance and delivery upon the conversion of this instrument, such
               number of shares of the Capital Stock as necessary to effect the conversion contemplated by this instrument,
               and, from time to time, will take all steps necessary to amend its charter to provide sufficient authorized
               numbers of shares of the Capital Stock issuable upon the conversion of this instrument. All such shares
               shall be duly authorized, and when issued upon any such conversion, shall be validly issued, fully paid and
               non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, security interests, charges and other encumbrances or restrictions
               on sale and free and clear of all preemptive rights, except encumbrances or restrictions arising under federal
               or state securities laws.

                         (f) The Company is (i) not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
               the Exchange Act, (ii) not an investment company as defined in Section 3 of the Investment Company Act
               of 1940 (the "Investment Company Act"), and is not excluded from the definition of investment company
               by Section 3(b) or Section 3(c) of the Investment Company Act, (iii) not disqualified from selling securities
               under Rule 503(a) of Regulation CF, (iv) not barred from selling securities under Section 4(a)(6) of the
               Securities Act due to a failure to make timely annual report filings, (vi) not planning to engage in a merger

                                                                        5
  



               or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies, and (vii) organized under, and subject to, the
               laws of a state or territory of the United States or the District of Columbia.

                         (g) The Company has, or will shortly after the issuance of this instrument, engage a transfer
               agent registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to act as the sole registrar and transfer
               agent for the Company with respect to the Crowd SAFE.

               4. Investor Representations

                         (a) The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute and deliver this
               instrument and to perform its obligations hereunder. This instrument constitutes a valid and binding
               obligation of the Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy,
               insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights
               generally and general principles of equity.

                         (b) The Investor has been advised that this instrument and the underlying securities have not
               been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and are offered and sold hereby pursuant
               to Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act. The Investor understands that neither this instrument nor the
               underlying securities may be resold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under the Securities
               Act and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to Rule 501 of Regulation CF, in which case certain
               state transfer restrictions may apply.

                         (c) The Investor is purchasing this instrument and the securities to be acquired by the Investor
               hereunder for its own account for investment, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for
               resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has no present intention of selling,
               granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Investor understands that the
               Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws,
               by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof which depend upon, among other things, the
               bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of each Investor's representations as expressed
               herein.

                         (d) The Investor acknowledges, and is purchasing this instrument in compliance with, the
               investment limitations set forth in Rule 100(a)(2) of Regulation CF, promulgated under Section 4(a)(6)(B)
               of the Securities Act.

                         (e) The Investor acknowledges that the Investor has received all the information the Investor
               has requested from the Company and the Investor considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether
               to acquire this instrument and the underlying securities, and the Investor represents that the Investor has
               had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and
               conditions of this instrument and the underlying securities and to obtain any additional information
               necessary to verify the accuracy of the information given to the Investor. In deciding to subscribe to this
               instrument, the Investor is not relying on the advice or recommendations of the Company or of the
               Intermediary and the Investor has made its own independent decision that an investment in this instrument
               and the underlying securities is suitable and appropriate for the Investor. The Investor understands that no
               federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in this instrument and the
               underlying securities or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of this
               investment.

                         (f) The Investor understands and acknowledges that as a Crowd SAFE investor, the Investor
               shall have no voting, information or inspection rights, aside from any disclosure requirements the Company
               is required to make under relevant securities regulations.

                                                                        6
  



                         (g) The Investor understands that no public market now exists for any of the securities issued
               by the Company, and that the Company has made no assurances that a public market will ever exist for this
               instrument and the securities to be acquired by the Investor hereunder.

                         (h) The Investor is not (i) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which the subscription
               of or holding of the Crowd SAFE and the underlying securities is prohibited by applicable law, decree,
               regulation, treaty, or administrative act, (ii) a citizen or resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is
               subject to U.S. or other applicable sanctions or embargoes, or (iii) an individual, or an individual employed
               by or associated with an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons or Entity
               List, the U.S. Department of Treasury's Specially Designated Nationals List, the U.S. Department of State's
               Debarred Parties List or other applicable sanctions lists. Investor hereby represents and agrees that if
               Investor's country of residence or other circumstances change such that the above representations are no
               longer accurate, Investor will immediately notify Company. Investor further represents and warrants that it
               will not knowingly sell or otherwise transfer any interest in the Crowd SAFE or the underlying securities
               to a party subject to U.S. or other applicable sanctions.

                         (i) If the Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the
               Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), the Investor hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to
               the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation, subscription and
               payment for, and continued ownership of, its beneficial interest in the Crowd SAFE and the underlying
               securities will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Investor's jurisdiction, including (i)
               the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the subscription of its beneficial interest in the Crowd
               SAFE; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such subscription; (iii) any governmental or other
               consents that may need to be obtained; and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may
               be relevant to the subscription, holding, conversion, redemption, sale, or transfer of its beneficial interest
               in the Crowd SAFE and the underlying securities. The Investor acknowledges that the Company has taken
               no action in foreign jurisdictions with respect to the Crowd SAFE (and the Investor's beneficial interest
               therein) and the underlying securities.

                         (j) If the Investor is a corporate entity: (i) such corporate entity is duly incorporated, validly
               existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power and authority
               to enter into this Crowd SAFE; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of the Crowd
               SAFE is within the power of the Investor and has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part
               of the Investor; (iii) to the knowledge of the Investor, it is not in violation of its current charter or bylaws,
               any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Investor; and (iv) the performance of this Crowd
               SAFE does not and will not violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the
               Investor; result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Investor is a party or
               by which it is bound, or otherwise result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon the Subscription
               Amount.

                         (k) The Investor further acknowledges that it has read, understood, and had ample opportunity
               to ask Company questions about its business plans, "Risk Factors," and all other information presented in
               the Company's Form C and the offering documentation filed with the SEC.

                         (l) The Investor represents that the Investor understands the substantial likelihood that the
               Investor will suffer a TOTAL LOSS of all capital invested, and that Investor is prepared to bear the risk
               of such total loss.

               5. Transfer Restrictions.

                                                                        7
  



                         (a) The Investor hereby agrees that during the Lock-up Period it will not, without the prior
               written consent of the managing underwriter: (A) lend; offer; pledge; sell; contract to sell; sell any option
               or contract to purchase; purchase any option or contract to sell; grant any option, right, or warrant to
               purchase; or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any
               securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (directly or indirectly) for Common Stock
               (whether such shares or any such securities are then owned by the Investor or are thereafter acquired); or
               (B) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
               economic consequences of ownership of such securities; whether any such transaction described in clause
               (A) or (B) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other securities, in cash, or otherwise.

                         (b) The foregoing provisions of Section 5(a) will: (x) apply only to the IPO and will not apply
               to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting agreement; (y) not apply to the
               transfer of any shares to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the Investor or the immediate family
               of the Investor, provided that the trustee of the trust agrees to be bound in writing by the restrictions set
               forth herein, and provided further that any such transfer will not involve a disposition for value; and (z) be
               applicable to the Investor only if all officers and directors of the Company are subject to the same
               restrictions and the Company uses commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a similar agreement from all
               stockholders individually owning more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock or any securities
               convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (directly or indirectly) for Common Stock.
               Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the underwriters in connection with the IPO are intended
               third-party beneficiaries of Section 5(a) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the
               provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. The Investor further agrees to execute such
               agreements as may be reasonably requested by the underwriters in connection with the IPO that are
               consistent with Section 5(a) or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.

                         (c) In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer
               instructions with respect to the Investor's registrable securities of the Company (and the Company shares
               or securities of every other person subject to the foregoing restriction) until the end of the Lock-up Period.
               The Investor agrees that a legend reading substantially as follows will be placed on all certificates
               representing all of the Investor's registrable securities of the Company (and the shares or securities of the
               Company held by every other person subject to the restriction contained in Section 5(a)):

                         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A
                         LOCK-UP PERIOD BEGINNING ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE COMPANY'S
                         REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
                         AMENDED, AS SET FORTH IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY
                         AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THESE SECURITIES, A COPY OF WHICH MAY
                         BE OBTAINED AT THE COMPANY'S PRINCIPAL OFFICE. SUCH LOCK-UP
                         PERIOD IS BINDING ON TRANSFEREES OF THESE SECURITIES.

                         (d) Without in any way limiting the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 above,
               the Investor further agrees not to make any disposition of all or any portion of this instrument or the
               underlying securities unless and until the transferee has agreed in writing for the benefit of the Company to
               make the representations and warranties set out in Section 4 and the undertaking set out in Section 5(a) and:

                                  (i) There is then in effect a registration statement under the Securities Act covering
                         such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with such registration
                         statement; or

                                  (ii) The Investor shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall
                         have furnished the Company with a detailed statement of the circumstances surrounding the

                                                                        8
  



                         proposed disposition and, if reasonably requested by the Company, the Investor shall have
                         furnished the Company with an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company that
                         such disposition will not require registration of such shares under the Securities Act.
                         (e) The Investor agrees that it shall not make any disposition of this instrument or any
               underlying securities to any of the Company's competitors, as determined by the Company in good faith.

                         (f) If the Investor intends to transfer the Crowd SAFE ("Transfer") in accordance with this
               Section 5, the investor accepting transfer ("Transferee") must pass and continue to comply with the
               Nominee's (as defined in Exhibit A) (and any applicable affiliate's) know your customer ("KYC") and
               anti-money laundering ("AML") policies and execute Exhibit A contemporaneously and in connection with
               the Transfer. The Investor understands that the Transferee's failure to pass the requisite KYC and AML
               procedures or to execute Exhibit A contemporaneously with the Transfer will render the Transfer void, null,
               unenforceable, and the Transferee will be unable to redeem their security.

                         (g) The Investor understands and agrees that the Company will place the legend set forth below
               or a similar legend on any book entry or other forms of notation evidencing this Crowd SAFE and any
               certificates evidencing the underlying securities, together with any other legends that may be required by
               state or federal securities laws, the Company's charter or bylaws, any other agreement between the Investor
               and the Company or any agreement between the Investor and any third party:

                         THIS INSTRUMENT HAS BEEN ISSUED PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(A)(6) OF THE
                         SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND
                         NEITHER IT NOR ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE
                         BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS
                         OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR
                         OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS
                         PERMITTED BY RULE 501 OF REGULATION CROWDFUNDING UNDER THE
                         SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT
                         TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR EXEMPTION
                         THEREFROM.

               6. Miscellaneous

                         (a) The Investor agrees to execute the Nominee Rider and Waiver, attached hereto as Exhibit
               A contemporaneously and in connection with the subscription of this Crowd SAFE. The Investor agrees
               and understands that the Investor's failure to execute Exhibit A contemporaneously with this Crowd SAFE
               will render the Crowd SAFE void, null and unenforceable.

                         (b) The Investor agrees to take any and all actions determined in good faith by the Company's
               board of directors to be advisable to reorganize this instrument and any shares of Capital Stock issued
               pursuant to the terms of this instrument into a special purpose vehicle or other entity designed to aggregate
               the interests of holders of Crowd SAFEs.

                         (c) Any provision of this instrument may be amended, waived or modified only upon the
               written consent of either (i) the Company and the Investor, or (ii) the Company and the majority of the
               Investors (calculated based on the Subscription Amount of each Investors Crowd SAFE).

                         (d) Any notice required or permitted by this instrument will be deemed sufficient when
               delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email to the relevant address listed on the signature

                                                                        9
  



               page, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid,
               addressed to the party to be notified at such party's address listed on the signature page, as subsequently
               modified by written notice.

                         (e) The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this instrument, to vote or receive dividends or
               be deemed the holder of Capital Stock for any purpose, nor will anything contained herein be construed to
               confer on the Investor, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for
               the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or
               withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive subscription rights
               or otherwise until shares have been issued upon the terms described herein.

                         (f) Neither this instrument nor the rights contained herein may be assigned, by operation of
               law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that this
               instrument and/or the rights contained herein may be assigned without the Company's consent by the
               Investor to any other entity who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control
               with the Investor, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or director
               of the Investor, or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one or more
               general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company with, the Investor; and
               provided, further, that the Company may assign this instrument in whole, without the consent of the
               Investor, in connection with a reincorporation to change the Company's domicile.

                         (g) In the event any one or more of the terms or provisions of this instrument is for any reason
               held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one
               or more of the terms or provisions of this instrument operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate
               this instrument, then such term(s) or provision(s) only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any
               other term or provision of this instrument and the remaining terms and provisions of this instrument will
               remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.

                         (h) All securities issued under this instrument may be issued in whole or fractional parts, in
               the Company's sole discretion.

                         (i) All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
               without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of such jurisdiction.

                         (j) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to or in connection with this
               instrument, including the breach or validity thereof, shall be determined by final and binding arbitration
               administered by the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration
               Rules and Mediation Procedures ("Commercial Rules"). The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be
               final, non-appealable and binding on the parties and may be entered and enforced in any court having
               jurisdiction. There shall be one arbitrator agreed to by the parties within twenty (20) days of receipt by
               respondent of the request for arbitration or, in default thereof, appointed by the AAA in accordance with its
               Commercial Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Wilmington, Delaware. Except as may be required by
               law or to protect a legal right, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results
               of any arbitration without the prior written consent of the other parties.

                         (k) The parties acknowledge and agree that for United States federal and state income tax
               purposes this Crowd SAFE is, and at all times has been, intended to be characterized as stock, and more
               particularly as common stock for purposes of Sections 304, 305, 306, 354, 368, 1036 and 1202 of the
               Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Accordingly, the parties agree to treat this Crowd SAFE
               consistent with the foregoing intent for all United States federal and state income tax purposes (including,
               without limitation, on their respective tax returns or other informational statements).

                                                                       10
  



                         (l) The Investor agrees any action contemplated by this Crowd SAFE and requested by the
               Company must be completed by the Investor within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of the relevant
               notice (whether actual or constructive) to the Investor.

                         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this instrument to be duly executed and
               delivered.
               MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
               By:
               Name: Nicholas Mathews
               Title: CEO, MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.
               Address: 81 Washington Street, Suite 201, Salem, MA 01970
               Email: nick@mainvest.com
               INVESTOR:
               By:
               Name:

                                                                       11
  



                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                                                             Nominee Rider and Waiver

                         Republic Investment Services LLC (f/k/a NextSeed Services, LLC) (the "Nominee") is hereby
               appointed to act on behalf of the Investor as agent and proxy in all respects under the Crowd SAFE Series
               2022 issued by MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP. (the "Security"). The Nominee shall receive all notices
               and communications on behalf of the Investor, and cause the Security, or any securities which may be
               acquired upon conversion thereof (the "Conversion Securities") to be custodied with a qualified custodian
               of the Nominee's sole discretion ("Custodial Conversion"). The Nominee is authorized and empowered
               to undertake Custodial Conversion at any point after issuance of the Securities. To the extent the holders
               of Securities or Conversion Securities are entitled to vote at any meeting or take action by consent, Nominee
               is authorized and empowered to vote and act on behalf of Investor in all respects thereto (without prior or
               subsequent notice to the Investor) until the expiry of the Term (as defined below) (collectively the
               "Nominee Services"). Defined terms used in this Nominee Rider are controlled by the Security unless
               otherwise defined.

                         Nominee shall vote all such Securities and Conversion Securities consistently at the direction of
               the Chief Executive Officer of MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP. Neither Nominee nor any of its affiliates
               nor any of their respective officers, partners, equity holders, managers, officers, directors, employees,
               agents or representatives shall be liable to Investor for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it
               hereunder, or in connection herewith or therewith, except for damages caused by its or their own
               recklessness or willful misconduct.

                         Upon any conversion of the Securities into Conversion Securities of the Company, in accordance
               with the terms of the Securities, Nominee will execute and deliver to the Issuer all transaction documents
               related to such transaction or other corporate event causing the conversion of the Securities in accordance
               therewith; provided, that such transaction documents are the same documents to be entered into by all
               holders of other Securities of the same class issued by the Company that will convert in connection with
               the equity financing or corporate event and being the same as the subscribers in the equity financing or
               corporate transaction. The Investor acknowledges and agrees, as part of the process, the Nominee may open
               an account in the name of the Investor with a qualified custodian and allow the qualified custodian to take
               custody of the Conversion Securities in exchange for a corresponding beneficial interest held by the
               Investor. Upon any such conversion or changing of title, Nominee will take reasonable steps to send notice
               to the Investor, including by e-mail, using the last known contact information of such Investor.

                         The "Term" the Nominee Services will be provided will be the earlier of the time which the
               Securities or any Conversion Securities are (i) terminated, (ii) registered under the Exchange Act, or (iii)
               the time which the Nominee, the Investor and the Company mutually agree to terminate the Nominee
               Services.

                         To the extent you provide the Issuer with any personally identifiable information ("PII") in
               connection with your election to invest in the Securities, the Issuer and its affiliates may share such
               information with the Nominee, the Intermediary, and the appointed transfer agent for the Securities solely
               for the purposes of facilitating the offering of the Securities and for each party to provide services with
               respect to the ownership and administration of the Securities. Investor irrevocably consents to such uses of
               Investor's PII for these purposes during the Term and Investor acknowledges that the use of such PII is
               necessary for the Nominee to provide the Nominee Services.

                                     (Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank ­ Signature Page to Follow)
  



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this instrument to be duly executed and
delivered.

INVESTOR:                    NOMINEE:
                             Republic Investment Services LLC

By:                          By:
Name:                        Name: Youngro Lee, President
Date:                        Date:

COMPANY:
MAINVEST HOLDINGS CORP.

By:
Name: Nicholas Mathews, CEO
Date: 
  



                                                                               EXHIBIT C
                                                                             Video Transcript
  



               Empowering Communities | Mainvest
               0:02 When you have a model that heavily incentivizes 0:06
               private equity groups to basically 0:08
               be building these cookie-cutter development complexes, 0:11
               dropping in a Whole Foods, dropping in a Papyrus store, 0:14
               you're creating economic development on paper 0:16
               that doesn't actually feel like economic development 0:18
               when you're walking down the streets 0:20
               of these communities themselves. 0:21
               My name's Nick Mathews, 0:22
               and I'm the CEO and co-founder of Mainvest. 0:25
               Small businesses are the foundation of the American economy, 0:27
               and access to capital is the number one challenge 0:30
               that small businesses across America face. 0:32
               Mainvest gives communities, not corporations, 0:34
               the ability to build the Main Streets they want to see. 0:37
               Mainvest isn't crowdfunding, Mainvest is investing. 0:39
               People are coming on, not just to support local businesses, 0:42
               but also as a means of diversifying their portfolio 0:44
               into a new asset class.
               0:45
               - It was very difficult to get funding for a restaurant, 0:48
               and so this was a great starting point. 0:49
               The reason why we chose Mainvest 0:51
               is because it allows the community to be involved. 0:54
               This was an opportunity for people 0:55
               to not only just be excited, 0:57
               but also actually invest.
               0:59
               And so, when we're successful, 1:00
               they then are also successful.
               1:02
               - [Nick] When you come onto Mainvest, 1:03
               you're able to explore opportunities 1:04
               and start building a portfolio of the thing

               1:06
               that matter most to you.
               1:07
               From investing in local entrepreneurs in your community 1:10
               to building your portfolio by category or industry, 1:12
               to supporting women and minority-owned businesses 1:14
               across the country. 1:15
               Mainvest empowers anyone with 100 bucks 1:17
  



               to start investing in their local economy. 1:20
               The businesses on Mainvest, from breweries to yoga studios 1:22
               to restaurants, are the Main Street businesses 1:25
               that form the cornerstone of communities across America. 1:28
               Unlike most investments in the stock market, 1:30
               you're actually able to experience your investment. 1:32
               - Investments in this industry 1:34
               are much more tangible for the investor. 1:36
               So, a venture capitalist might be attracted 1:38
               to something that's more on paper, 1:39
               whereas someone who is investing through Mainvest 1:41
               can have an impact directly on their community 1:43
               and it can have tangible results.
               1:45
               It's not something like a simple handout 1:47
               that you would normally have on a Kickstarter, 1:48
               this is an opportunity for us to benefit the community 1:51
               through their involvement.
               1:52
               The community has a place to go, 1:54
               and they get to reap some of the profits 1:55
               and benefits that we're able to pass through. 1:57
               - Small businesses come to Mainvest, 1:59
               create an account, set up their profile 2:00
               and are able to launch their offering in under a week. 2:03
               Behind the scenes, the Mainvest team 2:05
               works with entrepreneurs

               2:05
               throughout every step of the process, 2:07
               ensuring they have the tools 2:08
               and tactics to be set up for success. 2:11
               We built the revenue sharing note from the ground up 2:13
               to be the best-in-class vehicle 2:14
               for community investment into local businesses. 2:16
               - We raised 100,000 through Mainvest. 2:18
               We actually finished our raise, I think, five days early. 2:22
               People are really excited about the project, 2:24
               and excited to see their investment come to life. 2:26
               - Over the course of three raises, 2:28
               we raised over $150,000.
               2:31
               We've been able to expand our business in ways 2:32
               that would have not been possible without Mainvest. 2:34
  



               - We'd love you to join our community 2:36
               of tens of thousands of Mainvestors and entrepreneurs, 2:38
               building stronger Main Streets across the country. 2:40
               It only takes a minute or two to get started. Sign up today!
  



               Comfort Kitchen | Mainvest
               - People are very excited and energized.

               And I think Mainvest is a great way

               to build that momentum because people felt like, I mean, they are part of our project.
               I am Nyacko the organization development partner at Comfort Kitchen.
               We interviewed community members

               about what they wanted to see in their environment. People are looking for food experiences,
               not just, you know,something they pick up,

               but a way in which they can engage with different cultures and different people through food.
               And so that's what comfort kitchen is. This building was built in 1912,
               since the 1970s, it's just been sitting here. We're really hoping that this is a space where people feel
               comfortable
               and they can come and build relationships with people that are different from them.
               I think what's really useful about Mainvest is that this was an opportunity for people to

               not only just be excited,but also actually invest. And so, when we're successful,
               they then are also successful.

               And so, it's a reinvestment back into the community. Somebody from Mainvestactually sat down with us,
               had coffee, kind of talked through our project, our ideas.
               And also, it seemed like they were already doing their own research about our project and so that was
               really exciting to know that,
               you know a funding source is investing their time to look into who we are and what we're up to.
               We raised a $100,000 through Mainvest

               and the community was very excited, very active. We actually finished ou rraise I think five days early.
               And so, it was just, you know,
               there was a lot of momentum

               and it really just helped us keep our energy up, so that we can continue this work,
               because this has been over a year and a half of work to get here.
               And so, we are looking forward to opening soon.
  



               Brato Brewhouse + Kitchen | Mainvest Small businesses aren't started

               by people that have necessarily a large bankroll going in. And
               maybe you have a great idea, but you don't have the means to acquire capital, Mainvest for us was our
               way of acquiring enough capital to then attract further banks to get the full capital
               that we needed. My name is Jonathan Gilman, and I'm one of the co-founders and Head Chef at Brato
               Brewhouse + Kitchen in Brighton. I think it's very
               important to have models that use crowdfunding and crowdfunding in the sense of a symbiotic
               relationship with the investor where it's not just a handout. It's really important because otherwise, the
               only way

               you can really make money is to already have money. I think one of the most unique parts of Mainvest is
               the fact that we're able to have the community involved by letting them contribute capital into our
               business. But then we're also able to share the revenue back. You may very well be an investor, invest in
               us and the next day come grab a beer and a grilled cheese. Over the course of three raises we raised over
               $150,000. The first raise was more towards our startup fund. The second raise was to help us when those
               startup costs went over budget, which naturally happens with every small business. And the third one

               happened in the fall of 2020. We were concerned about how the government was going to respond.
               And there was a lot of uncertainty about the federal stimulus and the continuation of that. We were lucky
               enough to know that Mainvest was going to be a great option. And we
               already had a community that was invested in us. Just like you
               would go back to your investors and tell your investors that
               it's necessary to protect the investment, we were in that position and our investors through Mainvest did
               not disappoint. After the fundraise went through, we saw this real groundswell of support from the
               community. That groundswell of

               support is translated to people being involved both from drinking our beer, trying our food out, we've seen
               a boost there and now we're prepared to
               go towards our busy season with an improved patio and with the expansion of canning. We've been able
               to expand our business in ways that would have not been possible without Mainvest.
  



               Rangoon Campaign Video | Mainvest
               0:02 my recipe here 0:04
               at rangoon is mainly how 0:07
               my mom and my dad 0:09
               at our house that this is how we enjoy 0:12
               you know so it's very home style it's 0:15
               very super mellow 0:17
               stylization flavors my name is mio mo 0:21
               and i'm the owner of rangoon 0:25
               burmese home style restaurant in crown 0:27
               heights brooklyn i'm daniel benji i'm 0:30
               co-founder and general manager of 0:33
               rangoon restaurant uh down here in 0:35
               brooklyn neal started rangoon noodle lab 0:37
               in 2015. 0:39
               right 0:41
               and got a fantastic review from eaters 0:45
               on your birthday too we didn't expect 0:47
               that in 2017 took us more than two years 0:50
               to build this place uh we've uh now 0:54
               have the only full-service burmese 0:57

               restaurant in all of new york city 0:59
               critically acclaimed uh we've been 1:02
               talked about in new york times gothamist 1:04
               eater i want to bring more 1:07
               pungent 1:08
               flavor from different area from burma 1:12
               and that makes it in with my home style 1:15
               cuisine we started rangoon with our own funds 1:18
               we had no investors we took no loans 1:22
               from banks it's our money it's also our 1:26
               family that's helped us so we just build 1:29
               it from ground up and we want to keep 1:31
               going in that same vein 1:33
               so we're raising capital uh to 1:36
               fast-forward our mission spreading uh 1:38
               bernie's food to new york city we were 1:40
               lucky enough to secure a location in chelsea 1:42
               chelsea it's an amazing uh restaurant 1:46
               great backyard fantastic kitchen 1:49

               we secured the lease and we need the 1:52
               capital to just make the place as 1:55
  



               awesome as possible main vests contacted 1:57
               us and when we talked to their people we 2:00
               saw their great company great people 2:03
               super approachable they helped us every 2:06
               step of the way 2:07
               through the entire process we like the 2:09
               idea of leaving the big banks to the 2:11
               side and making it happen with the 2:13
               community the community has been super 2:15
               supportive uh it's been fantastic to see 2:19
               the support we got on the local level 2:21
               from manhattan from different community 2:24
               one of the great feature on mainvest is 2:27
               people can leave comments and it's been 2:30
               wonderful like some stuff has been 2:33
               really heartfelt and it's great to see 2:37
               the support i want to do more i want to 2:40
               i want to to show 2:44
               the new yorker you know what we are 2:47
               doing right here at rangoon it's just a 2:50

               you know tip of the iceberg so i want to 2:53
               give them the pleasure of having the 2:56
               different ethnicity food and different 2:58
               background and different areas from 3:01
               burma to put it on the table 3:05
               [Music]
  



                                                                               EXHIBIT D
                                                                 Testing the Waters Communications
  



                                                TTW
                                     COMMUNICATIONS

                                                                     1
10/11/22, 12:06PM  



                                                             Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

Repayments season > spooky season                                  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:06 PM
                                                             5 October 2022
1 message

Mainvest <info@mainvest.com>
Reply-To: Isabel at Mainvest Support <support@mainvest.com>
To: isabel@mainvest.com

      Mainvest Weekly:

 Repayments Season is Here

Mainvestors, it's October - not only does that mean that our Salem, MA
HQ is getting busy (thanks, Hocus Pocus 2), but it means that it's time for
quarterly repayments.

This month, businesses are expected to report revenue for Q3, share
updates, and make repayments. It's always a great time to check in with
businesses to see how things are going, whether they're in build-out phase or
fully operational. As a refresher, here's the timeline on repayments:

        Businesses have 25 days to upload a revenue report.
        Once they upload a revenue report, we calculate the total repayment
        amount, and each investor's individual repayment.
        It takes 5-7 business days for the repayment to get from the business
        to your investor wallet.
        Once the repayment hits your investor wallet, you can either withdraw
        funds to your bank account (takes 3-5 business days) or re-invest
        returns.*

Check in often this month for updates and repayments, and as always,
contact our support channels with inquiries.

Due to heightened activity during repayments, our support team may have some
delays in response time. We appreciate your patience!

Read on for this week's roundup of top trending offerings, an update on
our Reservations Campaign, and well wishes during the Jewish holiday
of Yom Kippur.

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407915996245243&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407915996245243 1/5
10/11/22, 12:06PM  



                   Little Red Hen: Scratch Bakery + Kitchen

                               Salida, CO-based bakery expanding into a new location complete with a
                               quick-service cafe, a grab & go market, and event catering

                                        Existing location is generating revenue*
                                        4.8 stars on Google, over 2k social media followers*
                                        Projected revenue streams include wholesale, retail, catering, farmers
                                        markets, classes, and dinner service
                                        Lease secured
                               *Mainvest raise is based on a new entity.

                                                                 Learn More

                            Bear Hug Brewing Company

                                 New brewhouse and taproom concept looking to open up in the heart of the
                                 theme park area in Orlando, Florida.

                                          Investor perks available
                                          Looking to open within the vicinity of major theme parks and resorts
                                          Team aims to offer a highly branded, story-driven environment to
                                          match the experience of nearby attractions

                                                                 Learn More

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407915996245243&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407915996245243 2/5
10/11/22, 12:06PM  



                                VK Brewing Co. & Eatery

                                   Veteran-owned, family-friendly brewery and restaurant in Exton, PA
                                   raising funds to start their build-out.

                                            Veteran-owned business
                                            Historic location once visited by George Washington, 25 miles from
                                            Philadelphia
                                            Restaurant complete with a pizza oven to be built first, followed by
                                            an in-house brewery

                                                                   Learn More

                                   Invest in Mainvest

                               We're excited to share that over $200,000 has been reserved so far in our
                               community round. We welcome you to learn more about our RegCF raise,
                               which is open to all investors in our community and beyond, ahead of a
                               formal launch in a few weeks.
                               With this round, we're looking to accelerate growth in key markets around the
                               country as we aim to empower Main Street economies through local
                               investment. Please reach out with any questions.

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407915996245243&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407915996245243 3/5
10/11/22, 12:06PM  



                  Wishing you a meaningful holiday season

                               From the team here at Mainvest, we wish a meaningful Yom Kippur to all
                               those who celebrate. Yom Kippur is considered the most important holiday in
                               Judaism, when we look back on the past year, apologize to those we've
                               wronged, and ask for accountability from those who have wronged us. Put
                               more positively, Yom Kippur, which happens 10 days after the Jewish New
                               Year, is meant to be a time of reflection and growth both individually and as a
                               community.

                                      *Statistics shown in this email were provided by issuers. Additional
                                   information can be found on offering pages. Past performance does not

                                                                    indicate future results.
                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a

                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please
                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of
                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407915996245243&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407915996245243 4/5
10/11/22, 12:06PM  



                         unsubscribe

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407915996245243&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407915996245243 5/5
10/11/22, 12:06PM  
MainvestMail - Invest
in Mainvest: Announcing our Community Round, Now Open for Reservations

                                                                                                                    Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

Invest in Mainvest: Announcing our Community Round, Now Open for Reservations

1 message

Mainvest <info@mainvest.com>  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:06 PM
To: isabel@mainvest.com

                              28 September 2022

      Invest in Mainvest

Happy Wednesday, Mainvestors!

We are very excited to announce Mainvest's Community Round: now
accepting investment reservations on Republic.

Since we began our journey to create the future-state infrastructure for local
economies across the country, we've:

        Raised ~$6mm from renowned VC firms
        Facilitated $25mm in investment into nearly 300 SMBs
        Seen the greater Mainvest portfolio of SMBs provide a cash-on-cash
        return to their community investors north of 12%

... all against the macro-challenges of a global pandemic.

We've come a long way since our first cohort of 5 businesses in Boston, and
our team of 10 is ready to expand and see what else we can accomplish.
We're doubling down on our belief in democratizing community investing to
accelerate our domestic economic growth and opening up an investment
round to our greater community. Click here to explore our page and
reserve your investment.

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407911013753337&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407911013753337  1/4
10/11/22, 12:06PM  
MainvestMail - Invest
in Mainvest: Announcing our Community Round, Now Open for Reservations

Read on for details about 3 top trending offerings across the platform, and
click into their offering pages to review information, terms, and risks.

                   Rancho Relaxo

Rancho Mirage, CA-based retail shop with a strong local following looking to
open a second location.

        Previously raised $35,000 on Mainvest for their first location*
        Investor perks available
        First location did over $600,000 in sales in 2021*
        Over 3k social media followers and 5-star rating on Google*

                                     Learn More

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407911013753337&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407911013753337  2/4
10/11/22, 12:06PM  
MainvestMail - Invest
in Mainvest: Announcing our Community Round, Now Open for Reservations

                                 Glow Worm Play Cafe

                                 Play cafe in Louisville, KY encompassing indoor play, a cafe and bakery,
                                 retail, and community classes and events looking to open a second location

                                          Previously raised over $45,000 on Mainvest
                                          First location generating an average of $22,052 per month*
                                          Funds from this raise will go toward building out a second location in
                                          Louisville
                                          Over 4k followers on social media with 4.8 stars on Google*

                                                                 Learn More

           VK Brewing Co. & Eatery

Veteran-owned, family-friendly brewery and restaurant in Exton, PA
raising funds to start their build-out.

        Veteran-owned business
        Historic location once visited by George Washington, 25 miles from
        Philadelphia
        Restaurant complete with a pizza oven to be built first, followed by
        an in-house brewery

Learn More

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407911013753337&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407911013753337  3/4
10/11/22, 12:06PM  
MainvestMail - Invest
in Mainvest: Announcing our Community Round, Now Open for Reservations

                                      *Statistics shown in this email were provided by issuers. Additional
                                   information can be found on offering pages. Past performance does not

                                                                    indicate future results.

                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a
                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please

                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of

                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.

                                                                           unsubscribe

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407911013753337&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407911013753337  4/4
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest Mail-A
nnouncing: Mainvest's Community Round, Now Accepting Reservations

                                                                                                                    Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

Announcing: Mainvest's Community Round, Now Accepting Reservations

2 messages

Mainvest CEO <nick@mainvest.com>  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:05 PM
To: isabel@mainvest.com

                                  26 September 2022

                         Hi Isabel,
                         I am very excited to announce Mainvest's Community Round: now
                         accepting investment reservations on Republic.

                         Since we began our journey to create the future-state infrastructure
                         for local economies across the country, we've raised ~$6mm from
                         renowned VC firms, facilitated $25mm in investment from retail
                         investors into nearly 300 SMBs, and seen the greater Mainvest
                         portfolio of small businesses provide a cash-on-cash return to their
                         community of investors north of 12%, all against the macro-
                         challenges of a global pandemic. These are hardworking
                         entrepreneurs contributing directly to local economies. Our thesis of
                         community-driven market underwriting unlocks a robust asset class
                         while giving small businesses a best-in-class vehicle for accessing
                         start-up and growth capital. The pandemic was a pressure test of
                         our thesis - across the asset class, our default rate is 400% lower
                         than the SBA average, and a business closure rate factorally lower
                         than the nationally average. We've come a long way since our first
                         cohort of 5 businesses in Boston, and while we're excited about the

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407857734184258&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407857734184258... 1/4
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest Mail-A
nnouncing: Mainvest's Community Round, Now Accepting Reservations

                           progress we've made, our team of 10 is ready to expand and see
                           what else we can accomplish.

                           As we look towards immense opportunities to accelerate growth,
                           amplified by the tailwinds of the last two years, we're doubling down
                           on our belief of democratizing community investing to accelerate
                           our domestic economic growth and opening up an investment
                           round to our greater community.

                           As an integral part of the Mainvest community, I wanted to reach
                           out to you ahead of formally launching the capital raise, to give you
                           the opportunity to participate. This first phase of our campaign
                           enables our early investors to reserve their investments before the
                           round is formally launched in the coming weeks.

                           Please review our page here and don't hesitate to reach out with
                           questions.

                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a
                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please

                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of

                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.

                                                                           unsubscribe

Mainvest CEO <nick@mainvest.com>  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:05 PM
To: isabel@mainvest.com

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407857734184258&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407857734184258... 2/4
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest Mail-A
nnouncing: Mainvest's Community Round, Now Accepting Reservations
                                                                                                                                  27 September 2022

                           Hi Isabel,
                           I am very excited to announce Mainvest's Community Round: now
                           accepting investment reservations on Republic.

                           Since we began our journey to create the future-state infrastructure
                           for local economies across the country, we've raised ~$6mm from
                           renowned VC firms, facilitated $25mm in investment from retail
                           investors into nearly 300 SMBs, and seen the greater Mainvest
                           portfolio of small businesses provide a cash-on-cash return to their
                           community of investors north of 12%, all against the macro-
                           challenges of a global pandemic. These are hardworking
                           entrepreneurs contributing directly to local economies. Our thesis of
                           community-driven market underwriting unlocks a robust asset class
                           while giving small businesses a best-in-class vehicle for accessing
                           start-up and growth capital. The pandemic was a pressure test of
                           our thesis - across the asset class, our default rate is 400% lower
                           than the SBA average, and a business closure rate factorally lower
                           than the nationally average. We've come a long way since our first
                           cohort of 5 businesses in Boston, and while we're excited about the
                           progress we've made, our team of 10 is ready to expand and see
                           what else we can accomplish.

                           As we look towards immense opportunities to accelerate growth,
                           amplified by the tailwinds of the last two years, we're doubling down
                           on our belief of democratizing community investing to accelerate

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407857734184258&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407857734184258... 3/4
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest Mail-A
nnouncing: Mainvest's Community Round, Now Accepting Reservations

                           our domestic economic growth and opening up an investment
                           round to our greater community.

                           As an integral part of the Mainvest community, I wanted to reach
                           out to you ahead of formally launching the capital raise, to give you
                           the opportunity to participate. This first phase of our campaign
                           enables our early investors to reserve their investments before the
                           round is formally launched in the coming weeks.

                           Please review our page here and don't hesitate to reach out with
                           questions.

                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a
                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please

                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of

                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.

                                                                           unsubscribe

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407857734184258&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407857734184258... 4/4
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
MainvestM
 ail - $122,000 reserved in 24 hours- Mainvest Community Round

                                                                                                                    Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

$122,000 reserved in 24 hours- Mainvest Community Round  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:06 PM

1 message

Mainvest CEO <nick@mainvest.com>
To: isabel@mainvest.com

27 September 2022

                         Hi Isabel,

                         I am so pleased to share that within a single day, over $120,000
                         has been reserved in our Community Round.

                         We set out to raise through RegCF to walk the walk: we know that
                         democratizing access to investment has empowered small
                         business communities around the country, so it fits that we should
                         pursue the same model with our own community.

                         If you haven't explored our page yet, we welcome you to learn more
                         about the nuts and bolts that make our small business investment
                         platform operate as well as the growth strategies we have in place
                         for the coming year. With this momentum we are hoping to fill our
                         initial $1.2MM goal within just a few weeks of our formal launch,
                         coming in October.

                         Thank you so much for your initial support. Keep an eye out for
                         more milestones and updates and please don't hesitate to reach

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407904294078163&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407904294078163 1/2
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
MainvestM
 ail - $122,000 reserved in 24 hours- Mainvest Community Round

                           out to me directly with any questions.
                           -Nick Mathews & Team

                                            Mainvest Community Round Reservations

                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a
                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please

                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of

                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.
                                                                           unsubscribe

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407904294078163&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407904294078163 2/2
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest
Mail - Mainvest Community Round Now Accepting Reservations

                                                                                                                    Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

Mainvest Community Round Now Accepting Reservations  Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 12:04 PM

1 message

Mainvest CEO <nick@mainvest.com>
To: isabel@mainvest.com

26 September 2022

                         Hi Isabel,
                         I am excited to follow up with you and share that Mainvest's
                         Community Round Reservation Campaign is live on Republic as of
                         today. This first phase of our campaign enables our early investors
                         to reserve their investments ahead of the formal launch, which
                         should be live within the next week or so.

                         Our mission is to let everyday Americans participate in the
                         economic growth of their communities by empowering them to start,
                         scale, and invest in small businesses. This Community Round is
                         designed to let our community invest directly into building a better
                         future for local economies across the country (and in the future,
                         around the world).

                         It is important to us to share this opportunity with our core group of
                         investors first. You've been an integral part of growing this
                         business, and we hope that you'll join us in our next chapter of
                         growth.

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407825491259466&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407825491259466 1/2
10/11/22, 12:07PM  
Mainvest
Mail - Mainvest Community Round Now Accepting Reservations

                           You can view our pitch page and reserve your investment here, and
                           I'd happily talk through any questions that you have.
                           Thanks,
                           Nick & Team Mainvest

                               With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a
                                 potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation CF exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to
                                "reserve" securities as indications of interest in the potential offering, please

                                note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or
                                other consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not
                               be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of

                                 the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and
                                only through a registered intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be
                                 withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
                                time before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv)

                                      an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no obligation or
                                                                   commitment of any kind.

                               Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation,
                                solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or
                                 other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial, tax,

                                            accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.
                                                                           unsubscribe

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407825491259466&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407825491259466 2/2
10/11/22, 12:03PM  
Mainvest Mail -Fw
d: Investing in the Future of Small Business - Mainvest's Community Round

                                                                                                                    Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

Fwd: Investing in the Future of Small Business - Mainvest's Community Round

1 message

Nicholas Mathews <nick@mainvest.com>                                             Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:59 AM
To: Isabel Strobing <isabel@mainvest.com>

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Nicholas Mathews <nick@mainvest.com>
Date: Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:14 PM
Subject: Investing in the Future of Small Business - Mainvest's Community Round
To: <bigguyjer803@gmail.com>

     Gerard,

     I wanted to personally reach out to thank you for being a member of our growing investor community, and to provide a
     really exciting update about Mainvest as a platform.

     Over the past 4 years, we've raised ~$6mm from renowned VC firms and facilitated $25mm in investment from retail
     investors into nearly 300 SMBs. These are hardworking entrepreneurs contributing directly to local economies. Our thesis
     of community-driven market underwriting unlocks a robust asset class while giving small businesses a best-in-class
     vehicle for accessing start-up and growth capital. The pandemic was a pressure test of our thesis - across the asset class,
     our default rate is 400% lower than the SBA average, and annualized cash on cash return to investors has been north of
     12%. We've come a long way since our first cohort of 5 businesses in Boston, and while we're excited about the progress
     we've made, our team of 8 is ready to expand and see what else we can accomplish.

     As we look towards immense opportunities to accelerate growth, amplified by the tailwinds of the last two years, we're
     doubling down on our belief of democratizing community investing to accelerate our domestic economic growth and
     opening up an investment round to our greater community.

     As an integral part of the Mainvest community, I wanted to reach out to you ahead of formally launching the capital raise
     to give the opportunity to participate. We plan to execute the raise in two phases, raising an initial $1mm at a discounted
     $15mm valuation for our early adopters and community, then expanding the raise to $5mm at a higher $20mm valuation
     cap, both structured as the traditional CrowdSAFE.

     I'm excited to share a teaser deck highlighting Mainvest's accomplishments and future opportunity, and would be happy to
     find a time to talk in more detail live if you're interested in participating.

     Sincerely,

     Nick Mathews - CEO and Co-Founder

     With regard to communications by an issuer on the Site to gauge interest in a potential securities offering pursuant to the Regulation
     CF exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including opportunities to "reserve" securities as indications
     of interest in the potential offering, please note that pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding Rule 206 (i) that no money or other
     consideration is being solicited thereby, and if sent in response, will not be accepted, (ii) no offer to buy the securities can be
     accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until the offering statement is filed and only through a registered
     intermediary's platform, (iii) any such offer may be withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any time
     before notice of its acceptance is given after the Form C is filed, and (iv) an indication of interest is non-binding and involves no
     obligation or commitment of any kind.

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407501910736836&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407501910736836 1/2
10/11/22, 12:03PM  
Mainvest Mail -Fw
d: Investing in the Future of Small Business - Mainvest's Community Round
          

        --
        Cheers,
        Nicholas Mathews
        CEO / CoFounder
        Mainvest, inc.
        c. 978.815.6037
        Nothing in this email or on Mainvest's website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Mainvest or its
        affiliates to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments or other assets or to provide legal, financial,
        accounting, or professional advice or services of any kind.

   https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=f1329289d1&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f%3A1746407501910736836&simpl=msg-f%3A1746407501910736836 2/2
